# 1
5 U.S. 299     1 Cranch 299     2 L. Ed. 115     STUART v. LAIRD.     February Term, 1803            ERROR from the fifth circuit in the Virginia district.
      A judgment was obtained by the defendant in error, in the court of the United States for the middle circuit, in the Virginia district, in an action instituted in that court in January 1801, for a debt due by the plaintiff in error to him, for and on behalf of Laird and Robertson of Port Glasgow, Great Britain.
      The middle circuit court in the Virginia district was established by the judiciary act of 1789, and continued until the 13th of February 1801, when an act was passed, entitled 'an act to provide for the more convenient organization of the courts of the United States.' 1 Story's L. U. S. 797.
      By the twenty-first section of that act, all cases depending in the middle circuit court in Virginia, were transferred to other circuit courts, established by that law; and by the 'act to repeal certain acts respecting the organization of the courts of the United States, and for other purposes,' passed 8 March 1802, the provisions of the judiciary act of 1789 as to the middle circuit court of Virginia were revised, and re-enacted.
      The case in the middle circuit court, went from that court in February 1801, to the court established by the act of 13 February 1801; and it afterwards, on the repeal of that law, returned to the court in which it was originally commenced. While it was pending in the court established in February 1801, certain proceedings were had, which were brought up with the record, and to which the exceptions were taken by the defendant below, and were presented for the consideration of this court.
      The exceptions before this court were, 1. That congress could not transfer causes from one circuit court to another; and therefore all the proceedings in the court established by the act of February 13, 1801, were void. 2. That the justices of the supreme court of the United States could not by an act of congress be assigned to hold circuit courts.
      [Argument of Counsel from pages 300-307 intentionally omitted]       Mr. Chief Justice Marshall having tried the cause in the court below, declined giving an opinion.
      Mr. Justice PATERSON delivered the opinion of the court.                 11       On an action instituted by John Laird against Hugh Stuart, a judgment was entered in a court for the fourth circuit in the eastern district of Virginia, in December term 1801. On this judgment, an execution was issued, returnable to April term 1802, in the same court. In the term of December 1802, John Laird obtained judgment at a court for the fifth circuit in the Virginia district, against Hugh Stuart and Charles L. Carter, upon their bond for the forthcoming and delivery of certain property therein mentioned, which had been levied upon by virtue of the above execution against the said Hugh Stuart.          
      22
      Two reasons have been assigned by counsel for reversing the judgment on the forthcoming bond. 1. That as the bond was given for the delivery of property levied on by virtue of an execution issuing out of, and returnable to a court for the fourth circuit, no other court could legally proceed upon the said bond. This is true, if there be no statutable provision to direct and authorize such proceeding. Congress have constitutional authority to establish from time to time such inferior tribunals as they may think proper, and to transfer a cause from one such tribunal to another. In this last particular, there are no words in the constitution to prohibit or restrain the exercise of legislative power.     
    
      33       The present is a case of this kind. It is nothing more than the removal of the suit brought by Stuart against Laird from the court of the fourth circuit to the court of the fifth circuit, which is authorised to proceed upon and carry it into full effect. This is apparent from the ninth section of the act entitled 'an act to amend the judicial system of the United States,' passed the 29th of April 1802. The forthcoming bond is an appendage to the cause, or rather a component part of the proceedings.          
      44
      2. Another reason for reversal is, that the judges of the supreme court have no right to sit as circuit judges, not being appointed as such, or in other words, that they ought to have distinct commissions for that purpose. To this objection, which is of recent date, it is sufficient to observe, that practice and acquiescence under it for a period of several years, commencing with the organization of the judicial system, afford an irresistible answer, and have indeed fixed the construction. It is a contemporary interpretation of the most forcible nature. This practical exposition is too strong and obstinate to be shaken or controlled. Of course, the question is at rest, and ought not now to be disturbed.     
    
      55
      Judgment affirmed.     
      # 2

7 U.S. 140 (____)
3 Cranch 140
HODGSON 
v. 
BUTTS.
Supreme Court of United States.

*144 E.J. Lee, for plaintiff in error.
*155 MARSHALL, Ch. J. delivered the opinion of the court.
This suit was instituted to recover the freight of a vessel of which the plaintiff was a mortgagee. Upon inspecting the deed, which is the foundation of the action, it appears to have been admitted to record, on the oath of only two subscribing witnesses. This suggested the preliminary question, whether a deed of mortgage, so recorded, was not absolutely void as to creditors and subsequent purchasers? This question depends on the construction of two acts of the legislature of Virginia. The first is entitled, "An act for regulating conveyances." The 4th section of that act is in these words; *156 "All bargains, sales," &c. The first member of the sentence relates to lands only, the second to marriage settlements, wherein either lands or personal estate should be settled; and the third relates to deeds of trust and mortgages. Terms descriptive of personal estate are omitted, but the word "whatsoever" would certainly comprehend a mortgage of a personal chattel, as well as of lands, if not restrained by other words manifesting an intent to restrain them.
It is argued, that this intent is clearly manifested. The whole act relates to real estate, except that part of it which respects marriage settlements. Its title is "an act concerning conveyances," and all its provisions are adapted to the conveyance of lands, except in the particular case of marriage settlements; and in that case, the act provides expressly for recording a settlement of chattels. This act, it is said, contains no "directions" for recording a deed of trust or mortgage for a personal thing, and, consequently, such deed cannot be within it.
The first section of the act respects conveyances of lands only, and directs, that they shall be acknowledged or proved by the oath of three witnesses in the general court, or court of the district, county, city, or corporation in which the lands lie.
The second respects marriage settlements, and directs, that if lands be conveyed or covenanted to be conveyed, they shall be proved and recorded in the same manner as had been prescribed in the first section; but if only slaves, money, or other personal thing be settled, the deed is to be proved and recorded before the court of the district, county, or corporation in which the party dwells, or as afterwards directed.
The third section relates only to the proving and recording of livery of seisin.
Then follows the fourth section, which requires, among other enumerated conveyances, that "all deeds of trust and mortgages whatsoever" shall be void as to creditors and subsequent purchasers, if not acknowledged or proved, and recorded "according to the directions *157 of the act." There being no "directions" which are applied to mortgages, unless lands be conveyed in them, it has been argued, that such mortgages only, as convey lands, are comprehended within the act.
The act, it must be acknowledged, is very obscurely penned in this particular respect, and there is so much strength in the argument for confining it to mortgages of lands, that, if a mortgage of a personal chattel could be brought within the provisions of any other act, the court would be disposed to adopt the construction contended for.
The plaintiff insists, that such a mortgage is comprehended in the 2d section of the "act to prevent frauds and perjuries."
That act avoids fraudulent conveyances; and declares, that deeds of personal chattels, not upon a valuable consideration, where the possession remains with the donor; or, a reservation of interest in the donor, where possession passes to the donee, shall be fraudulent and void, unless proved and recorded according to the directions of the act. A mortgage made on a valuable consideration, would be very clearly excluded from the 2d section, although the act contained nothing further on the subject. But to remove the possibility of doubt, the 3d section declares, that the act shall not extend to any conveyance made "upon good consideration and bona fide."
The meaning of the word "good," in the statute of frauds, is settled to be the same with "valuable."
It is, therefore, perfectly clear, that the case is altogether omitted, or is provided for in the act concerning conveyances. In a country where mortgages, of a particular kind of personal property, are frequent, it can scarcely be supposed that no provision would be made for so important and interesting a subject. The inconvenience resulting from the total want of such a provision would certainly be great; and the court, therefore, ought not to suppose the case to be entirely omitted, if there be any legislative act which may fairly be construed *158 to comprehend it. The act concerning conveyances, although not penned with that clearness which is to be wished, does yet contain terms which are sufficient to embrace the case, and the best judicial opinions of that state concur in this exposition of it.
Although the point was not directly decided in the case of Hill and Claiborne, the court of appeals appear to have proceeded on this construction; and Judge Tucker, in discussing this subject, avows the same opinion.
Upon a consideration of the acts on this subject, Butts being a creditor, it is the opinion of the court, that the deed of mortgage, in the proceedings mentioned, was void as to him.
The counsel for the plaintiff contends, that, although the mortgage-deed be void, yet Hodgson is entitled to recover, because he has paid money to the order of Butts, under the mistaken opinion that he was entitled to the freight.
This allegation is not made out in point of fact. Hodgson was in possession of the vessel as the absolute purchaser before he paid for the disbursements he is now endeavouring to recover. It does not appear that he paid these disbursements in the confidence of receiving the freight, or that he was not compellable to pay them as owner of the vessel. The freight had previously been applied by Butts, under the authority of the Hamiltons, to the payment of a debt due to himself. He had a right, as a general creditor, to retain that freight as against the original owners, or their assignee.
The court is of opinion, that the judgment of the circuit court is to be affirmed with costs.
# 3
7 U.S. 499     3 Cranch 499     2 L. Ed. 511     SANDS v. KNOX.     February Term, 1806            11       ERROR to the court for the trial of impeachments, and the correction of errors, in the state of New-York.          
      22
      Thomas Knox, administrator, with the will annexed, of Raapzat Heyleger, a subject of the king of Denmark, brought an action of trespass vi et armis, in the supreme court of judicature, of the state of New-York, against Joshua Sands, collector of the customs for the port of New-York, for seizing and detaining a schooner called the Jennett, with her cargo. The defendant, Sands, pleaded in justification, that he was collector, &c. and that after the 1st day of July, 1798, viz. on the 16th of November, 1798, the said schooner, then being called The Juno, was owned by a person resident within the United States, at Middletown, in Connecticut, and cleared for a foreign voyage, viz. from Middletown to the island of St. Croix, a bond being given to the use of the United States, as directed by the statute, with condition that the vessel should not, during her intended voyage, or before her return within the United States, proceed, or be carried, directly or indirectly, to any port or place within the territory of the French republic, or the dependencies thereof, or any place in the West-Indies, or elsewhere, under the acknowledged government of France, unless by stress of weather, or want of provisions, or by actual force or violence, to be fully proved and manifested before the acquittance of such bond, and that such vessel was not, and should not be employed during her said intended voyage, or before her return as aforesaid, in any traffic or commerce, with, or for any person resident within the territory of that republic, or in any of the dependencies thereof. That afterwards, on the 8th of December, 1798, she did proceed, and was voluntarily carried from Middletown to the island of St. Croix, in the West-Indies, and from thence, before her return within the United States, to Port de Paix, in the island of St. Domingo, being then a place under the acknowledged government of France, without being obliged to do so by stress of weather, or want of provisions, or actual force and violence, whereby, and according to the form of the statute, the said schooner and her cargo became forfeited, the one half to the use of the United States, and the other half to the informer; by reason whereof, the defendant, being collector, &c. on the 1st of July, 1799, arrested, entered, and took possession of the said vessel and cargo, for the use of the United States, and detained them as mentioned in the declaration, and as it was lawful for him to do.     
    
      33       The plaintiff, in his replication, admitted that the defendant was collector, &c. that at the time she sailed from Middletown for St. Croix, she was owned by a person then resident in the United States; and that a bond was given as stated in the plea; but alleged, that she sailed directly from Middletown to St. Croix, where she arrived on the 1st of February, 1799, the said island of St. Croix, then and yet being under the government of the king of Denmark. That one Josiah Savage, then and there being the owner and possessor of the said vessel, sold her, for a valuable consideration, at St. Croix, to the said Raapzat Heyleger, who was then, and until his death continued to be, a subject of the king of Denmark, and resident at St. Croix, who, on the 1st of March following, sent the said vessel, on his own account, and for his own benefit, on a voyage from Port de Paix to St. Croix, Without that, that she was at any other time carried, &c.          
      44
      To this replication there was a general demurrer and joinder, and judgment for the plaintiff, which, upon a writ of error to the court for the trial of impeachments and correction of errors, in the state of New-York, was, to this court, affirmed.     
    
      55       The defendant now brought his writ of error, to this court under the 25th section of the judiciary act of the United States, vol. 1, p. 63.          
      66
      The only question which could be made in this court, was upon the construction of the act of congress, of June 13th, 1798, vol. 4 p. 129, commonly called the non-intercourse act; the 1st section of which is in these words: 'That no ship or vessel, owned, hired, or employed, wholly or in part, by any person resident within the United States, and which shall depart therefrom after the 1st day of July next, shall be allowed to proceed directly, or from any intermediate port or place, to any port or place within the territory of the French republic, or the dependencies thereof, or to any place in the West-Indies, or elsewhere, under the acknowledged government of France, or shall be employed in any traffic or commerce with or for any person, resident within the jurisdiction, or under the authority of the French republic. And if any ship or vessel, in any voyage thereafter commencing, and before her return within the United States, shall be voluntarily carried, or suffered to proceed to any French port or place, as aforesaid, or shall be employed as aforesaid, contrary to the intent hereof, every such ship or vessel, together with her cargo, shall be forfeited, and shall accrue, the one half to the use of the United States, and the other half to the use of any person or persons, citizens of the United States, who will inform and prosecute for the same; and shall be liable to be seized, prosecuted, and condemned, in any circuit or district court of the United States, which shall be holden within and for the district where the seizure shall be made.'     
    
      77       The condition of the bond, stated in the plea, corresponded exactly with that required by the 2d section of the act.          
      88
      The 70th section of the act of 2d of March, 1799, vol. 4, p. 390, makes it the duty of the several officers of the customs, to seize any vessel liable to seizure, under that or any other act of congress respecting the revenue.     
    
      99       C. Lee, for the plaintiff in error.          
      1010
      The question is, whether the act of congress does not impose a disability upon the vessel itself?     
    
      1111       This vessel was clearly within the literal prohibition of the act. She was 'owned wholly by a person resident within the United States.' She did 'depart therefrom after the 1st day of July (then) next.' She did 'proceed from an intermediate port or place, to a place in the West-Indies, under the acknowledged government of France.' She was also a vessel which, 'in a voyage thereafter commencing, and before her return within the United States,' was 'voluntarily carried, or suffered to proceed, to a French port.' She had, therefore, done and suffered every act, which, according to the letter of the law, rendered her liable to forfeiture, seizure, and condemnation.          
      1212
      It is true, that the decision of this court, in the case of the Charming Betsey, ante, vol. 2, p. 115, seems at first view to be against us. But the present question was not made, and could not arise in that case, because that vessel had not been to a French port, nor had she returned from a French port to the United States. If such a trade as the present case presents, were to be permitted, the whole object of the non-intercourse act would be frustrated. A vessel of the United States may, according to the judgment in the case of the Charming Betsey, the sold and transferred to a Dane, and he may trade with her as he pleases; but we say it is with this proviso, tht he does not send her from a French port to the United States. He takes the vessel with that restriction. If he trades to the United States, he is bound to know and respect their laws. The intention of the law was not only to prevent American citizens, but American vessels, from carrying on an intercourse with French ports.     
    
      1313       The case of the Charming Betsey was under the act of February, 1800; but the present case arises under that of 1798, which is very different in many respects. The opinion in that case, so far as it was not upon points necessarily before the court, is open to examination.          
      1414
      Neither the words of the law, nor the form of the bond, make any exception of the case of the sale and transfer of the vessel before her return. If therefore a sale is made it must be subject to the terms of the law; and although the vessel may not be liable to seizure upon the high seas, yet upon her return to the United States, it became the duty of the custom-house officer to seize her. The law ought to be so construed as to carry into effect the object intended. That object was, to cut off all intercourse with France, and by that means compel her to do justice to the United States. But if this provision of the law is to be so easily eluded, France will be in a better situation than before, for she will receive her usual supplies and we shall be weakened by the loss of the carrying trade.     
    
      1515       Bayard, contra, was stopped by the court.          
      1616
      MARSHALL, Ch. J.     
    
      1717       If the question is not involved, whether probable cause will justify the seizure and detention; if there are no facts in the pleadings which show a ground to suspect that there was no bona fide sale and transfer of the vessel, the court does not wish to hear any argument on the part of the defendant in error.          
      1818
      It considers the point as settled by the opinion given in the case of the Charming Betsey, with which opinion the court is well satisfied.     
    
      1919       The law did not intend to affect the sale of vessels of the United States, or to impose any disability on the vessel, after a bona fide sale and transfer to a foreigner.          
      2020
      Judgment affirmed.     
      # 4

11 U.S. 271 (1812)
7 Cranch 271
HEZEKIAH WOOD 
v. 
JOHN DAVIS AND OTHERS.
Supreme Court of United States.
March 9, 1812.
March 10, 1812.
Present ... . All the Judges.
F.S. KEY, for the Plaintiff in error.
C. LEE, contra.
All the Judges being present.
*273 MARSHALL, Ch. J.
Stated that the opinion of the Court to be, that the verdict and judgment in the case of Susan Davis against Swann, were not conclusive evidence in the present case. There was no privity between Swann and Wood; they were to be considered as perfectly distinct persons. Wood had a right to defend his own title, which he did not derive from Swann.
Judgment reversed.
# 5
11 U.S. 396     7 Cranch 396     3 L. Ed. 383     THE MUTUAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY v. KORN AND WISEMILLER.     February 16, 1813            Absent. WASHINGTON, J.
      ERROR to the Circuit Court for the district of Columbia, sitting at Alexandria.
      The Mutual Assurance Society against free, &c. was incorporated by an act of the legislature of Virginia in 1795.
      According to the original plan of the institution the houses in the towns and country were blended together in one general mass, and were mutually pledged to each other, to make good the losses which might be respectively sustained by fire.
      In January, 1805, the legislature of Virginia, at the request of the society, passed a law changing the original plan of the institution, by separating the town buildings from those in the country, and making the town buildings liable only for town losses, and the country buildings for country losses. This law directed that there should be a re-valuation of the buildings which had been previously insured; and authorized the society, as in the first instance, to fix the rates of hazard, and make such by-laws, rules and regulations as they might think proper.
      The society was authorized to recover its debts by motion, in a summary manner.
      Under the act of 1805 the society made a new tariff of rates of hazard.
      The houses of the Defendants were re-valued under the act. The re-valuation was less than the original waluation; but the rate of hazard, or in other words, the premium for the insurance, was increased under the new regulation.
      By the third section of a by-law of the society made in January, 1805, under the authority of their original act of incorporation and of the act of 1805, it is enacted, 'that if the re-valuation of any building shall prove it to be of less value than that at which it was insured, there shall be no demand against the society of restitution of any part of the premium which may have been paid, and the proprietor of such building shall pay the additional premium (if the materials of which his building be erected, or its contiguity require it) which according to the new rates of hazard ought to be paid.'
      In July, 1805, the Defendants, Korn and Wisemiller, agreeably to a form prescribed by the society, made a declaration, under their hands and seals, as follows: 'We do hereby declare and affirm, that we hold the abovementioned buildings, with the land on which they stand, in fee simple, and that they are not, nor shall be insured elsewhere, and that we will abide, observe and adhere to the constitution, rules and regulations, which are already established, or may hereafter be established by a majority of the insured, present in person or by representatives, or by the majority of the property insured, represented either by the persons themselves, or their proxy duly authorized, or their deputy, as established by law, at any general meeting to be held by the said assurance society; or which are or hereafter may be established by the president and directors of the society.'
      To this declaration were annexed a plat, description and new valuation of the buildings insured.
      The buildings had been originally insured by the Defendants in the year 1796.
      The sum now claimed of the Defendants was for the additional premium arising out of the increased rates of hazard according to the new regulations, made in January, 1805.
      SWANN, for the Plaintiffs in error.
      This case differs from that of Atkinson, (ante. vol. 6, p. 202) which was for an additional premium occasioned by the increased valuation of the building—this is for the additional premium upon the new rates of hazard.
      In the former case between these same parties (ante vol. 6, p. 192) it was decided by this Court that the proprietors of houses in Alexandria, still continued members of the society, notwithstanding their separation from the state of Virginia, and were bound by all the by-laws and regulations of the society.
      The only remaining question is whether the Defendants are liable for the new rates of premium. It was just that the old members and the new should stand on the same ground and pay the same rates of premium where the risk was the same. This point has never been disputed in Virginia.
      C. LEE, contra.
      The former case has settled the point that the Defendants are bound by their original contract in 1796. The legislature had no right to alter or vacate that contract. There was nothing unjust or hard in the case. The additional premium ought to be confined to cases of excess upon re-valuation.
      SWANN, in reply.
      The act of assembly of 1805 was passed at the request of the society, of which the Defendants were members, and bound by the acts of the majority.                March 3d.              JOHNSON, J. delivered the opinion of the Court as follows:                 11       In the case decided between Atkinson and these Plaintiffs, February term, 1810, the question arose on the construction of the 7th section of the act of 1805, and the additional premium in that case was imposed upon a re-valuation without relation to a change in the rates of premium, but resulting from the increased valuation.          
      22
      In this case the sum demanded arises from the changes made in the rates of premium, arising from a variation of risk; to equalize which the 8th article of the present rules of the society requires an additional per centage to be paid by the present members of the company, in conformity to what is to be imposed upon subsequent applicants for insurance. And it is contended that the contract being complete between the parties, the insurers cannot add to the consideration to be paid for insurance. In general this doctrine is unquestionably correct, but peculiar circumstances except this from ordinary cases. This subject was considered in the quoted case decided between these same parties in February, 1810. It is there laid down, and on reflection we are confirmed in the opinion, that in the capacity of an individual of the body corporate the Defendants are bound by the by-laws of the society as far as is consistent with the nature of its institution.     
    
      33       This case is within the 4th section of the 8th article of those by-laws, and therefore the judgment below ought to have been for the Plaintiffs.          
      44
      Judgment reversed.     
      # 6
11 U.S. 550
    7 Cranch 550
    3 L. Ed. 436
    PALMER v. ALLEN.
    March 16, 1813
    
      1
      Absent. TODD, J.
    
    
      2
      ERROR to the Supreme Court of Errors of the state of Connecticut, in any action of assault and battery and false imprisonment, brought by Allen against Palmer, who was a deputy marshal of the United States for the district of Connecticut and had served a process of attachment upon Allen, and committed him to prison for want of bail, without such a mittimus as is usual upon commitment on like process issuing from the state Courts.
    
    
      3
      Palmer pleaded a special justification under the writ of attachment issued out of the district Court of the United States for the district of Connecticut. His plea was, upon demurrer, adjudged bad, for want of shewing a mittimus; and that judgment was affirmed in the Supreme Court of Errors.*
    
    
      4
      The question was now submitted to this Court, who were furnished with copies of the following opinions, delivered in the Court below.
    
    
      5
      Opinion of judge Brainard, in which the majority of the Court below concurred.
    
    
      6
      'The original action was trespass, for an assault and battery, and false imprisonment, in which the Defendant in error was Plaintiff; and to which the Defendant below, now Plaintiff in error, pleaded specially—that he was a deputy to the marshal of the United States for the district of Connecticut, and in that capacity had in his hands to serve a writ of attachment issued under the authority of the United States, returnable to the district Court of the United States for the said district; in virtue of which he attached the body of the Plaintiff below—read the writ in his hearing, and for want of bail committed him to the keeper of the jail in New Haven, &c. with whom he left a true and attested copy of said writ and process which he avers to be the same imprisonment and pretended trespass complained of, &c. to which there was a demurrer and joinder in demurrer, and adjudged by the Superior Court to be insufficient. On which this writ of error is brought—plea nothing erroneous.''The first action was debt brought on a statute law of the United States for an alleged breach thereof.'
    
    
      7
      'Whether that law be constitutional or not, as it is unnecessary, it would perhaps be indecorous to discuss; and whether debt be the proper action to be brought on it or not, is unimportant for my purpose. The process was under a law, issued under the authority, in the hands of a marshal of, and returnable to a Court, all of the United States. The service appears to be arrest of the Defendants body, reading in his hearing, and for want of bail, commitment, &c. The authority of the jailer to receive and keep the Defendant, was a copy of the process without a mittimus.'
    
    
      8
      'Is this a justification? Is this a defence?'
    
    
      9
      'The first question is, in the state of Connecticut, in an action of debt, for instance, in point of service of an attachment returnable to a state Court, is a mittimus necessary to authorize a committment? If not, it settles this case, and there is manifest error. But if it be, the next question is, whether a mittimus be necessary in a process issued under the laws and authority of the United States, returnable to and cognizable by a Court of the United States, to be served in this state on a citizen of the same.'
    
    
      10
      'This proposition I think correct, that such is the constitution of the state of Connecticut, and from the infancy of her laws and jurisprudence has been.'
    
    
      11
      'That no man's person shall be imprisoned unless by judgment of Court, or direction and order of a magistrate.'
    
    
      12
      'In every instance of final process there is an order of commitment, a mittimus, contained in the body of the instrument, in the execution itself.'
    
    
      13
      'In all cases where the subject matter has been adjudged by a Court of competent jurisdiction, the officer's duty is pointed out and the extent of the debtor's or delinquent's liability is ascertained, the result is made, the end is known.''On attachments, it will be agreed on all hands, that a man shall not be committed to prison, if he procure reasonable bail of the reasonableness or sufficiency of this bail, who is to judge? Is the officer in all instances? I apprehend not.'
    
    
      14
      'In case of an attachment, the direction to the officer indeed is, for want of estate, to attach the body of A. B. and him safely keep and have to appear before the Court. But the mode of this safe keeping and having to appear is pointed out and provided for by law.'
    
    
      15
      'The most ancient statute I find on the subject, entitled 'An act for regulating jails and jailers,' says, that no person or persons whatsoever shall be committed to prison, although arrested or seized by attachment, execution, or any other writ, or for non-payment of rates, debts or fines, or for any misdemeanor or capitol, or criminal offence, or any other cause, without a mittimus, granted and signed by civil authority, declaring the cause and ground of his commitment, requiring the jailer to receive and keep such person or persons in the prison until discharged according to law.'
    
    
      16
      'In a subsequent statute passed in May, 1706, entitled 'An act concerning officers levying executions,' it is enacted, that when any officer shall have a writ of execution to levy, &c. and doth seize the body, &c. and commit him to prison; a copy of the writ or execution signed by the officer and delivered to the jailer, shall be sufficient warrant or order for him to receive such person, and him hold in safe custody till delivered by law.'
    
    
      17
      'In the revision of the statutes, in the year 1750, the phraseology of the former statute was altered, and the latter was incorporated with it, under the title of 'An act concerning arrests and imprisonments for debt, damages, fines, &c. This statute has remained the same ever since, and its reading in relation to this subject is—That no person or persons for the non-payment of rates, fines, debts, or for any crime or offence, shall be committed to prison, without a mittimus granted and signed by civil authority, declaring the cause and ground of his commitment, requiring the jailer or keeper of the prison, to receive and keep such person or persons in the prison, until discharged according to law, unless where any proper officer, for want of estate, seize the body or bodies of any person or persons by an execution or distress or warrant for fines and rates, and commit him or them to prison, in which case a copy of the execution or distress attested and signed by such officer, and delivered to the jailer or keeper of the prison, shall be a sufficient warrant or order for him to receive such person or persons, and him or them to hold in safe custody till delivered by law.'
    
    
      18
      'From the broadness of the ancient statute it is apparent that in relation to all process, civil or criminal, mesne or final no person could be committed to prison without a mittimus, an instrument stating the cause, ordering the reception, and directing the detention signed by a magistrate, or as the expression is, civil authority.'
    
    
      19
      'In 1706, it occurred to the legislature that part of this provision was unnecessary; that in final process there was a mittimus in relation to that subject from the highest authority: hence the legislative dispensation, with mittimus in cases of executions.'
    
    
      20
      'When the legislature in 1750, incorporated the latter statute, which had made a distinction between final and mesne process, into the former, can it be supposed that they intended to narrow the grounds of the ancient provisions and regulations?'
    
    
      21
      'At the revision in 1750, it also occurred to the legislature, that there were other cases than executions where a mittimus, in the sense generally understood, would not only be unnecessary, but improper; hence the exemption was extended to distress or warrants for fines or rates.'
    
    
      22
      'The present statute says, that no person for the nonpayment of rates or fines, shall be committed to prison without a mittimus, unless indeed a distress or warrant for such rates and fines has been granted by proper authority, having competent jurisdiction.'
    
    
      23
      'The word debts in the statute still remains to be satisfied with a fair and reasonable construction. The original title of the act, was an act concerning arrests and imprisonments for debt, damage, fines, &c. Suppose the reading to be that, in an action for debt, no person shall be imprisoned without a mittimus. This would comprehend all actions of debt in a proper and technical sense, of course the present.'
    
    
      24
      'But this I suppose is too narrow a construction. The true meaning is commensurate with all actions by attachment, which sound in or claim debt or damage, and which by the process of a Court may be reduced into debt or damage. In all which cases, while in mesne process, before adjustment, there shall be a mittimus to authorize a commitment, after which, when liquidated, the execution speaks the order of the Court.'
    
    
      25
      'But the statute, since its existence in its present form, seems pretty generally to have had an uniform practical construction; the best comment perhaps that can now be made upon it. So far as I can learn, it has received in practice, in relation to mesne process, the same construction that was given to the former statute in relation to the same subject, and which the words of that statute absolutely and necessarily require. Both under the former and present statute, in all cases of attachment, a mittimus has been deemed necessary to authorize a commitment'
    
    
      26
      'But the second and perhaps more important question remains.'
    
    
      27
      'In a mesne process by attachment for debt, issued under the law and authority of the United States, returnable to a Court of the United States, to be served on a citizen of this state, within the same, to authorize a commitment, is a mittimus necessary?'
    
    
      28
      'The United States have a right to prescribe what mode of service for their own processes they may deem proper; and if they have pointed out a mode, that mode must be pursued: if they have not, it should seem fair reasoning to conclude that they had left that subject to the existing regulations of the several states. The United States have a statute, entitled 'An act for regulating processes in the Courts of the United States,' in which, section 2d, volume 2d, laws of United States, page 103, it is enacted, 'that the form of writs, executions and other processes, except their style, and the forms and modes of proceeding in suits at common law, shall be the same as are now used in the said Courts respectively, in pursuance of the act, entitled 'An act to regulate the processes in the Courts of the United States.'
    
    
      29
      'What those forms and modes are the statute no where specifies, other than by the above reference; and the same statute expressly repeals the whole of the act referred to.'
    
    
      30
      'On recurrence however, to that statute, we find it there enacted, 'That the forms of writs, &c. and modes of process in the Circuit and District Courts, in suits at common law, shall be the same in each state respectively, as are now used or allowed in the Supreme Courts of the same.'
    
    
      31
      'But it has been said, that mittimus is no part of the process. If I am correct in my conclusion on the first point, it is, by the law of tlus state, a part, and essential to the completion, of service in case of commitment.'
    
    
      32
      'If part of the service, it is part of the process—process in one sense is the method taken by law to compel a compliance with the original writ, by giving the party notice to obey it; a warning to appear in Court at the return of the original writ. On failure of obedience, further process is said to be had by attachment, &c.'
    
    
      33
      'I understand that the word process, as used by the legislature of the United States, in the statute referred to, is to be received in its broadest and most extensive sense. It is to be taken for all proceedings, in any action from the beginning to the end.'
    
    
      34
      'Mode of process includes mode of service. Whatever is necessary to complete the service of a writ returnable to a state Court, is by that statute made necessary to complete the service of a writ returnable to a District or Circuit Court. A mittimus is as necessary in the one case as in the other.''But it may be said, that there is no provision in the laws of the United States for procuring a mittimus: that of course there may be a failure of justice. When the legislature of the United States referred to the laws of the several states, they were bound to know them and to make provisions correspondent with them; and I am not prepared to say that they have not. I am not prepared to say, that it would not be the duty of the judge and justices of this state, on application of the marshal, to grant a mittimus. Besides, they have in each district at least one judge peculiarly their own. Sufficient is it that they have the power of making all necessary provision. They do in many instances call into their service the judges and justices of the State Courts, and make them pro hac vice their own: such as taking bonds of recognizance in cases of prosecutions for breaches of the laws of the United States, and various other instances. But in the words of a great man and eminent judge, 'If the law does not work right, let the legislature mend it; it's their business.—I am of opinion that there is no error.'
    
    
      35
      Opinion of Judge Baldwin, in which Judge Swift concurred.
    
    
      36
      'I differ in opinion, only on the necessity of a mittimus, for a legal commitment by the marshal of the United States, for the Connecticut district, on an attachment for debt.'
    
    
      37
      'I am of opinion, that a mittimus is not necessary by the statute of Connecticut, to authorize a commitment on attachment, in any civil cause, and if it were, it is doubted whether it would be obligatory on the marshals of the United States.'
    
    
      38
      'Before proceeding to give the reasons for my opinion on either of these points, I would remark, that it is presumed it will not be contended that the marshals are bound by a mode of proceeding which may have been used by the executive officers of the state, unless the same was required, or has been sanctioned, by the laws of the state.'
    
    
      39
      'If the practical construction of the state officers, can give a binding effect to the statute of the state on them, which the letter does not require; I apprehend that a contrary construction, by the marshals, sanctioned by the subsequent act of Congress in 1792, requiring that the forms of proceedings in suits, should be the same in future, as had then been adopted, and used in pursuance of the former act, will be equally binding on them.'
    
    
      40
      'I do not know, that there has ever been a judicial construction of the statute in question. I admit, that the practice among our state officers, (through abundant caution) has been to commit, by mittimus, in all cases of arrests, except on executions: but it will also be admitted, that the practice was never followed by the marshals of the United States.'
    
    
      41
      'Ever since the establishment of the judiciary of the United States, a period of more than twenty years, they have uniformly committed, in cases of attachment, by copy of their writ; we ought then, as the question now comes up for judicial decision, to give the proper effect to the provisions of the two statutes, independent of such practical constructions.'
    
    
      42
      'I will then examine, whether the statute of Connecticut requires a mittimus for commitment on attachments?'
    
    
      43
      '1. This statute, owing to repeated alterations and compilations, from materials enacted at different times, is not explicit, or very intelligible, its history will probably give some aid in its construction.'**
    
    
      44
      'As early as 1650, it was enacted that no man's person should be arrested, or imprisoned for any debt or fine, if satisfaction could be found from his estate.'
    
    
      45
      'At that time no arrest, or attachment of the person, was allowed for debt.' 'The ordinary process was by summons, and on default, of appearance, an attachment for the contempt, issued by order of the court.'
    
    
      46
      'By subsequent provisions, and particularly at the revision in 1672, an attachment was allowed as an original process in certain cases, and the form was then given. In 1702, the Plaintiff was allowed a summons, or an attachment at his option, in all civil actions.'
    
    
      47
      'In 1693, a mittimus was first required, to authorize a commitment and at the revision in 1702, it was extended and made necessary in all cases civil, or criminal. The words are, 'that no person, shall be committed to prison, although arrested or seized by attachment, execution, or any other writ, or for non-payment of rates, debts or fines, or for any misdemeanor, or capital, or criminal offence, or any other cause, without a mittimus.' &c.
    
    
      48
      'Inconvenience was soon experienced, and in 1706, a commitment by copy, was authorized, in case of arrest on execution.'
    
    
      49
      'At the revision in 1750, the statute took its present shape, viz. 'That no person shall be arrested and imprisoned, for any debt, damage, or fine, where sufficient means of satisfaction can otherwise be found from his estate. Provided, that no person, for the non-payment of rates, fines or debts, or for any crime or offence, shall be committed without a mittimus, granted and signed by civil authority,' &c. 'unless the body has been taken by execution, or distress, or warrant for fines or rates, in which case a copy of the execution or distress, attested, and signed by the officer, and delivered to the jailer, shall be a sufficient warrant or order.' &c.
    
    
      50
      'By omitting in the last statute, in the clause requiring a mittimus, the expressions 'arrested by attachment, or any other writ, or any other cause,'—and by adding to the exception, 'an arrest by distress or warrant,' for which a copy only is requested, it is evident, the legislature meant to limit the necessity of a mittimus. By the letter of the act as it now appears, it is not required on an attachment for tresspass, tert, case, or any other civil cause, unless it is on an attachment for debt, and it can hardly be presumed, that the legislature would thus dispense with it in all other cases, and retain in that; or that under an expression of doubtful import, they meant to include all manner of attachments.'
    
    
      51
      'All doubt, it appears to me will be removed, by giving that meaning to the word debt, as here used, which it had when first introduced into the statute, before an attachment of the person was allowed on mesne process in any case.'
    
    
      52
      'It there evidently means a judgment debt, (for there could then be no arrest for non-payment of any other,) in which sense it will include as well damages recovered for tort, as for money due on contract.'
    
    
      53
      'As no mention is made in the existing statute, of mesne process by attachment in any case, and the word debt, cannot apply to the variety of demands which may be the subject of attachment, and as no reason can be assigned, why that alone should be selected, I conclude the legislature, when they altered the statute, did not mean to include any arrest, by attachment, on mesne process.'
    
    
      54
      'The terms also of the ancient statute were, that no person shall be committed without a mittimus, although arrested by attachment, or for non-payment of rates, debts, or fines.'
    
    
      55
      'Those of the present statute are only, that no person for 'non-payment of rates, debt, of fines,' shall be committed without a mittimus, unless by executions, &c. The first makes a distinction between a commitment on attachment, and a commitment for non-payment of a debt, &c. a distinction which is obvious. At the time of the attachment, no debt is ascertained—the officer has no power to collect any. He is merely to secure the appearance of the person attached, before the proper Court to try the question of indebtedness. The officer has no power to commit, if the person attached will procure bail for his appearance, if not, he is to be imprisoned, not for the non payment of the debt, but to secure his appearance at Court.—Whether he is in debt, is a question sub lite, to say he withholds the debt, is to prejudge the cause. I am therefore of opinion, that the non-payment of the debt mentioned in the statute, has no reference to mesne process, and that there is no occasion by our statute for a mittimus, to commit in any case except for crimes. Such I contend is the true construction of the statute in question, and such I think is the construction all would give it, if a different practice of our officers had not created a doubt.'
    
    
      56
      '2. If it were evident that our statute required a mittimus in such case, doubts are entertained whether it is applicable to the process of the United States.'
    
    
      57
      'It seems to be agreed, that the mittimus, required by our statute, must be 'granted and signed by civil authority' of this state. This they are neither authorized nor compelled by any law either of the United States, or of this state to do in such case.'
    
    
      58
      'In cases, where it is deemed necessary for the civil authority of this state, to aid in executing the laws of the union, power is specially given them to do so;—as in all cases of a criminal nature, and in taking depositions, &c.—but there is no authority given to them, or duty imposed on them as magistrates, to aid the execution of their civil process,—and to expect it of them, or leave it optional with them to give or withhold the aid, would be derogatory to the general government.'
    
    
      59
      'They are an independent sovereignty.—Their officers must have all the power incident and necessary to the execution of the duties of their offices.'
    
    
      60
      'By a statute of this state, passed in 1794, stat. p. 368. 'permission is given to marshals and other officers of the United States, to use our jails, to confine persons under the authority of the United States, with the same authority in the keeping of prisoners, under the authority of the United States, as the keepers of said jails, under the authority of this state have.' The effect is, and was intended to be, to take away all control or responsibility, from keepers of the jails, under the authority of this state, as to prisoners confined by the authority of the United States. The prison keeper of the sheriff, as such, has no power to receive a prisoner under the authority of the United States. He must have a special power from the marshal, to enable him to act as keeper under their authority. Such part of the prison, as may at any time be used for such purpose, by the officers of the United States, is as distinct from the other, and from the control of the state officers, as though it were a distinct building.—Neither the sheriff nor the county are responsible for the safekeeping of the prisoners. The keepers may be, and some times are, different; or if the same person is the keeper of both, he acts in different capacities, and under different authority.'
    
    
      61
      'Hence I infer, that the keeper of the prison of the United States, has no power to commit on civil process by the authority of the state, nor, I contend, have the civil authority of the state any power to require it, and yet if a mittimus is necessary by our statute, it must be 'granted and signed by civil authority,' of the state, directed to the keeper of the jail of the United States, commanding him by authority of the state of Connecticut, to receive and hold the prisoner, under the authority of the United States, I may add also, that if the mittimus is to be considered as a writ or process, included in the act of Congress, its form must be that of commitment, but the style, that of the United States, that is—it must issue by the authority of the United States, bear test of the proper judge, and be sealed and signed by the clerk, but in such case, it would not have the requirements of our statute, by being granted and signed by civil authority of the state; and the United States have no analogous civil authority to execute the power.'
    
    
      62
      'Does it then follow as has been said, that the process by attachment must be abandoned? I think not.—The party, claiming a debt, has a right to the advantages of such a writ, and when the officer shall have done his duty, in making the arrest, if no provision is made by law, directing the mode of commitment, he must take a reasonable course, such as would be sanctioned by the principles of the common law, and such as was probably used before we had any law requiring a mittimus in any case.'
    
    
      63
      'Having arrested the prisoner by legal process, the officer became responsible for his appearance at Court, and, on failure to procure bail, he was bound to hold him in custody. His place of custody is the prison.'
    
    
      64
      'The same warrant which commanded the arrest, required the officer to keep his prisoner safely, so that he might be had before the Court. The officer was therefore authorized to commit. Still it is reasonable and proper, that the keeper of the prison, should be able to shew the cause and ground of the commitment, and of his holding the prisoner in custody.—This he will be enabled to do more fully, and more satisfactorily, by the copy of the process, and the doings of the officer thereon, than by the mittimus usually granted. This is the course required by our statute, on commitment by execution, distress, or warrant, and is that which I apprehend the common law in similar cases would require.'
    
    
      65
      'It therefore, appears to me, that on either ground, and most clearly, on the first, there was no occasion of a mittimus, to complete the justification of the officer, and that his plea was sufficient, and ought so to have been adjudged.'
    
    March 16th.
    
      66
      JOHNSON, J. delivered the opinion of this Court, as follows:
    
    
      67
      This suit comes up from the state Court of Connecticut, to reverse a judgment of that Court. The Defendant here brought an action below, against Palmer, and recovered damages for a supposed assault and false imprisonment. The facts of the case were these: Palmer is a deputy marshal, and in that capacity, arrested the body of Allen, on a writ sued out by the United States, to recover a penalty which Allen was charged with having incurred by a violation of a law of the United States. In this suit bail was demanded, and upon Allen's failing to give it, he was committed to prison. The illegal act with which Palmer was charged, was committing the Defendant to jail without a mittimus from a magistrate. It appears that it is the practice of that state, and in this case the majority of the judges decided it to be the law, that such a mittimus must be obtained, before a Defendant in a civil suit can be committed to prison. The practice however in the Courts of the United States in that district, has been the reverse.
    
    
      68
      To this action the Defendant pleaded a justification; and on demurrer, the state Court adjudged the plea insufficient, for want of setting forth such a mittimus; no question was made of the correctness of taking the body of Allen, or detaining him, until he should give bail. It was supposed that the law of the United States which enacts, that the form of writs, executions, and other processes 'and the forms and modes of proceeding in suits of common law, shall be the same as are now used' in the state Courts respectively; gives efficacy to the laws of Connecticut on this subject, and imposes upon the officers of the United States an obligation to conform their conduct to the provisions of those laws.
    
    
      69
      But this Court are unanimously of a different opinion. The plea made out a sufficient justification and ought to have been sustained as such. A writ, known to the jurisprudence of that state, issues to the marshal in the alternative, commanding him to attach the goods of the Defendant to a certain amount, and for want of such goods, to take his body: under this writ, not only in conformity to the literal meaning, but according to the established usage and received opinions of that state, the officer was sanctioned in taking the person of the Defendant into actual custody—and the 56th section of the collection law of March 2d, 1799, expressly authorizes a demand of bail. Detention therefore, until bail was given, was strictly authorized by law, and the defence to the assault and imprisonment was complete. Committing the Defendant to the state prison, was but one mode, and the least exceptionable mode of detaining his person, and if it was not so, it would only be the ground of a special action on the case against the officer for mal-treatment, or oppression.
    
    
      70
      But it is equally clear to this Court, that the law above alluded to commonly called the process act, does not adopt the law of Connecticut, which requires the mittimus in civil cases. This is a peculiar municipal regulation, not having any immediate relation to the progress of a suit, but imposing a restraint upon their state officers in the execution of the process of their Courts, and is altogether inoperative upon the officers of the United States, in the execution of the mandates which issue to them. The judgment below must be reversed, and judgment entered for the Defendant.
    
    
      
        *
         The following judges being present; Mitchell, Ch. J. Swift, Trumbull, Edmond, Smith, Brainard, Baldwin and Ingersoll, judges Swift and Baldwin dissented, and Ingersoll gave no opinion, having been counsel in the cause.
      
      
        **
         Stat. Conn. latest revision, printed in 1808. Index heads mittimus reference to arrests, No 5, 6, page 58—and in notes there.—Also execution No. 17, stat. p. 283, Sec. 5.
        See title, actions, civil, page 31, Sec. 1, and in notes there.
      
    
    # 7

12 U.S. 431 (1814)
8 Cranch 431
PRINCE 
v. 
BARTLETT.
Supreme Court of United States.
March 16, 1814.
DUVALL, J.
The material facts upon the record are these:
On the 4th of June, 1810, sundry goods, wares and merchandize, the property of Wellman and Ropes, were attached by the deputy of Bailey Bartlett, sheriff of the county of Essex, state of Massachusetts, by virtue of certain writs of attachment sued out by several creditors of Wellman and Ropes.
On the 18th day of September, 1810, two several executions issued on judgments recovered by the United States against Wellman and Ropes, at the September term, 1810, of the district Court held at Salem, on their joint and several bond for duties at the custom house. The actions in which these judgments in favor of the United States were rendered, were first commenced on *432 the day of August, 1810; but no attachment of property was made thereon; — on the 19th day of September following, two suits of attachment, in favor of the United States, one against Wellman and one against Ropes, issued in due form of law, directed to the marshall of the district or his deputy returnable to the district Court to be held in December then next ensuing.
On the 11th of October, in the same year, the goods, wares and merchandize beforementioned being in custody of Bartlett a sheriff of the county, and in a store hired by him for the purpose, Sprague, one of the Appellants, and deputy of Prince, the marshal, after the refusal of the sheriff to open the store, forcibly broke into it and seized, attached and conveyed away the property which had been attached by the sheriff in the manner before stated, by virtue of the executions and writs of attachment in behalf of the United States and disposed of it in satisfaction of the judgments.
Wellman and Ropes continued in business until the aforesaid 4th day of June, and then failed; and then were and ever since have continued to be debtors unable to pay their debts. Wellman has continued at his usual place of abode in Salem ever since his failure, and has not for any whole day confined himself within his house, but has sometimes kept his person within doors, and had his doors fastened, and occasionally used other vigilance and caution to avoid any arrest of his person for two or three weeks next following the said 4th day of June, but has never been arrested by any officer, or pursued for that purpose: Ropes has always continued at large in Salem, and has never confined or concealed himself from his creditors at any time.
An action of trover was commenced by Bartlett, the sheriff, for the property by him attached as aforesaid, against Prince and Sprague, who had thus forcibly dispossessed him of it, in the Court of common pleas in Essex county, where, upon trial, judgment was rendered in favor of the Defendants. An appeal was prayed and granted to the Supreme Judicial Court of the commonwealth of Massachusetts, and at November term 1811, the cause came on to be tried upon the facts before stated. Upon the plea of not guilty and issue, *433 the counsel for Prince and Sprague insisted that the several matters so alleged and proved in evidence on their part was sufficient to maintain the issue on their part, and to bar the Plaintiff of his action. This was denied by the counsel for the Plaintiff, and the judge who sat on the trial delivered his opinion to the jury, that the several matters produced and proved on the part of the Defendants, were not upon the whole case sufficient to maintain the issue on the part of the Defendants, and to bar the Plaintiff of his action. With this direction the jury found a verdict for the Plaintiff, and $10,240. 69 damages.
To this opinion of the Court an exception was taken and the proceedings removed by writ of error to this Court.
The sole question for the consideration of this Court is whether the priority to which the United States are entitled by law, attaches in this case.
This priority is given by the 5th section of the act of the 3d of March, 1797, ch. 74. It is also given by the 65th section of the collection law in the words following: "and in all cases of insolvency, or where any estate in the hands of the executors, administrators or assigns shall be insufficient to pay all the debts due from the deceased, the debt or debts due to the United States on any such bond or bonds shall be first satisfied." In the same section the legislature explain their meaning of insolvency by declaring that it shall be deemed to extend as well to cases in which a debtor, not having sufficient property to pay all his debts, shall have made a voluntary assignment thereof, for the benefit of his creditors, or in which the estate and effects of an absconding, concealed or absent debtor, shall have been attached by process of law, as to cases in which an act of legal bankruptcy shall have been committed.
At present there is no existing bankrupt law in the United States; but in many of the states provision is made by law for the relief of insolvent debtors. In the act of congress of the 4th of August, 1790, the word insolvency only is used. In the acts lately passed on the same subject the words insolvency and bankruptcy *434 are both adopted and appear to be used as synonymous terms.
It is admitted that the property seized by the attachments and executions before stated was insufficient to satisfy the several claims exhibited, and that Wellman and Ropes were unable to pay their debts, but it does not appear that their property was attached as the effects of absconding, concealed or absent debtors; nor does it appear, or is it even alleged that they or either of them have made a voluntary assignment of their property for the benefit of their creditors; nor is it alleged that either of them has committed an act of legal bankruptcy. It appears to be the true construction of the act to confine it to the cases of insolvency specified by the legislature. Insolvency must be understood to mean a legal and known insolvency manifested by some notorious act of the debtor pursuant to law: not a vague allegation, which, in adjusting conflicting claims of the United States and individuals, against debtors it would be difficult to ascertain.
The property in question being in the possession of the sheriff by virtue of legal process, before the issuing the writ on behalf of the United States, was bound to satisfy the debts for which it was taken; and the rights of the individual creditors thus acquired could not be defeated by the process on the part of the United States subsequently issued.
The Court is of opinion that priority does not attach in this case, and that there is no error in the judgment of the Supreme Judicial Court of the commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Judgment affirmed.
# 8

13 U.S. 9 (1815)
9 Cranch 9
MANDEVILLE 
v. 
THE UNION BANK OF GEORGETOWN.
Supreme Court of United States.
February 8, 1815.
February 9, 1815.
Absent... . LIVINGSTON, J. TODD, J. and STORY, J.
*11 MARSHALL, Ch. J. delivered the opinion of the Court as follows:
It is entirely immaterial whether this question be governed by the laws of Virginia or of Maryland. By neither of them can the discounts claimed by the Plaintiff in error be allowed.
By making a note negotiable in bank, the maker authorizes the bank to advance on his credit to the owner of the note the sum expressed on its face.
It would be a fraud on the bank to set up offsets against this note in consequence of any transactions between the parties. These offsets are waived and cannot, after the note has been discounted, be again set up.
The judgment is to be affirmed with damages at the rate of 6 per cent. per annum.
# 9
(Slip Opinion)              OCTOBER TERM, 2009                                       1                                         Syllabus 
         NOTE: Where it is feasible, a syllabus (headnote) will be released, as is        being done in connection with this case, at the time the opinion is issued.
       The syllabus constitutes no part of the opinion of the Court but has been        prepared by the Reporter of Decisions for the convenience of the reader.
       See United States v. Detroit Timber & Lumber Co., 200 U.S. 321, 337.   SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES                                         Syllabus                      UNITED STATES v. STEVENS  CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR                   THE THIRD CIRCUIT 
      No. 08–769.     Argued October 6, 2009—Decided April 20, 2010 Congress enacted 18 U. S. C. §48 to criminalize the commercial crea   tion, sale, or possession of certain depictions of animal cruelty. The   statute addresses only portrayals of harmful acts, not the underlying   conduct. It applies to any visual or auditory depiction “in which a liv   ing animal is intentionally maimed, mutilated, tortured, wounded, or   killed,” if that conduct violates federal or state law where “the crea   tion, sale, or possession takes place,” §48(c)(1). Another clause ex   empts depictions with “serious religious, political, scientific, educa   tional, journalistic, historical, or artistic value.”     §48(b).  The   legislative background of §48 focused primarily on “crush videos,”   which feature the torture and killing of helpless animals and are said   to appeal to persons with a specific sexual fetish. Respondent Ste   vens was indicted under §48 for selling videos depicting dogfighting.   He moved to dismiss, arguing that §48 is facially invalid under the   First Amendment. The District Court denied his motion, and Ste   vens was convicted. The Third Circuit vacated the conviction and de   clared §48 facially unconstitutional as a content-based regulation of   protected speech. Held: Section §48 is substantially overbroad, and therefore invalid un  der the First Amendment. Pp. 5–20.     (a) Depictions of animal cruelty are not, as a class, categorically  unprotected by the First Amendment. Because §48 explicitly regu  lates expression based on content, it is “ ‘presumptively invalid,’ . . .  and the Government bears the burden to rebut that presumption.”  United States v. Playboy Entertainment Group, Inc., 529 U.S. 803,  817. Since its enactment, the First Amendment has permitted re  strictions on a few historic categories of speech—including obscenity,  defamation, fraud, incitement, and speech integral to criminal con  2                     UNITED STATES v. STEVENS                                     Syllabus      duct—that “have never been thought to raise any Constitutional     problem,” Chaplinsky v. New Hampshire, 315 U.S. 568, 572. Depic     tions of animal cruelty should not be added to that list. While the     prohibition of animal cruelty has a long history in American law,     there is no evidence of a similar tradition prohibiting depictions of     such cruelty. The Government’s proposed test would broadly balance     the value of the speech against its societal costs to determine     whether the First Amendment even applies. But the First Amend     ment’s free speech guarantee does not extend only to categories of     speech that survive an ad hoc balancing of relative social costs and     benefits. The Amendment itself reflects a judgment by the American     people that the benefits of its restrictions on the Government out     weigh the costs. New York v. Ferber, 458 U.S. 747, distinguished.     Pp. 5–9.        (b) Stevens’s facial challenge succeeds under existing doctrine.     Pp. 9–20.          (1) In the First Amendment context, a law may be invalidated as     overbroad if “a ‘substantial number’ of its applications are unconsti     tutional, ‘ “judged in relation to the statute’s plainly legitimate     sweep.” ’ ” Washington State Grange v. Washington State Republican     Party, 552 U.S. 442, 449, n. 6. Stevens claims that common depic     tions of ordinary and lawful activities constitute the vast majority of     materials subject to §48. The Government does not defend such ap     plications, but contends that the statute is narrowly limited to spe     cific types of extreme material. Section 48’s constitutionality thus     turns on how broadly it is construed. Pp. 9–10.          (2) Section 48 creates a criminal prohibition of alarming breadth.     The statute’s definition of a “depiction of animal cruelty” does not     even require that the depicted conduct be cruel. While the words     “maimed, mutilated, [and] tortured” convey cruelty, “wounded” and     “killed” do not. Those words have little ambiguity and should be read     according to their ordinary meaning. Section 48 does require that the     depicted conduct be “illegal,” but many federal and state laws con     cerning the proper treatment of animals are not designed to guard     against animal cruelty. For example, endangered species protections     restrict even the humane wounding or killing of animals. The statute     draws no distinction based on the reason the conduct is made illegal.
         Moreover, §48 applies to any depiction of conduct that is illegal     in the State in which the depiction is created, sold, or possessed, “re     gardless of whether the . . . wounding . . . or killing took place” there,     §48(c)(1). Depictions of entirely lawful conduct may run afoul of the     ban if those depictions later find their way into States where the     same conduct is unlawful. This greatly expands §48’s scope, because     views about animal cruelty and regulations having no connection to                     Cite as: 559 U. S. ____ (2010)                      3                                Syllabus  cruelty vary widely from place to place. Hunting is unlawful in the District of Columbia, for example, but there is an enormous national market for hunting-related depictions, greatly exceeding the demand for crush videos or animal fighting depictions. Because the statute allows each jurisdiction to export its laws to the rest of the country, §48(a) applies to any magazine or video depicting lawful hunting that is sold in the Nation’s Capital. Those seeking to comply with the law face a bewildering maze of regulations from at least 56 separate ju risdictions. Pp. 11–15.      (3) Limiting §48’s reach to crush videos and depictions of animal fighting or other extreme cruelty, as the Government suggests, re quires an unrealistically broad reading of the statute’s exceptions clause. The statute only exempts material with “serious” value, and “serious” must be taken seriously. The excepted speech must also fall within one of §48(b)’s enumerated categories. Much speech does not. For example, most hunting depictions are not obviously instructional in nature. The exceptions clause simply has no adequate reading that results in the statute’s banning only the depictions the Govern ment would like to ban.
     Although the language of §48(b) is drawn from the Court’s deci sion in Miller v. California, 413 U.S. 15, the exceptions clause does not answer every First Amendment objection. Under Miller, “seri ous” value shields depictions of sex from regulation as obscenity. But Miller did not determine that serious value could be used as a gen eral precondition to protecting other types of speech in the first place. Even “ ‘wholly neutral futilities . . . come under the protection of free speech.’ ” Cohen v. California, 403 U.S. 15, 25. The First Amend ment presumptively extends to many forms of speech that do not qualify for §48(b)’s serious-value exception, but nonetheless fall within §48(c)’s broad reach. Pp. 15–17.      (4) Despite the Government’s assurance that it will apply §48 to reach only “extreme” cruelty, this Court will not uphold an unconsti tutional statute merely because the Government promises to use it responsibly. Nor can the Court construe this statutory language to avoid constitutional doubt. A limiting construction can be imposed only if the statute “is ‘readily susceptible’ to such a construction,” Reno v. American Civil Liberties Union, 521 U.S. 844, 884. To read §48 as the Government desires requires rewriting, not just reinter pretation. Pp. 18–19.      (5) This construction of §48 decides the constitutional question. The Government makes no effort to defend §48 as applied beyond crush videos and depictions of animal fighting. It argues that those particular depictions are intrinsically related to criminal conduct or are analogous to obscenity (if not themselves obscene), and that the  4                    UNITED STATES v. STEVENS                                   Syllabus      ban on such speech would satisfy the proper level of scrutiny. But     the Government nowhere extends these arguments to other depic     tions, such as hunting magazines and videos, that are presumptively     protected by the First Amendment but that remain subject to §48.     Nor does the Government seriously contest that these presumptively     impermissible applications of §48 far outnumber any permissible     ones. The Court therefore does not decide whether a statute limited     to crush videos or other depictions of extreme animal cruelty would     be constitutional. Section 48 is not so limited but is instead substan     tially overbroad, and therefore invalid under the First Amendment.     Pp. 19–20. 533 F.3d 218, affirmed.     ROBERTS, C. J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which STEVENS, SCALIA, KENNEDY, THOMAS, GINSBURG, BREYER, and SOTOMAYOR, JJ., joined. ALITO, J., filed a dissenting opinion.
                         Cite as: 559 U. S. ____ (2010)                              1                               Opinion of the Court 
     NOTICE: This opinion is subject to formal revision before publication in the      preliminary print of the United States Reports. Readers are requested to      notify the Reporter of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Wash      ington, D. C. 20543, of any typographical or other formal errors, in order      that corrections may be made before the preliminary print goes to press.   SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES                                    _________________ 
                                   No. 08–769                                    _________________         UNITED STATES, PETITIONER v. ROBERT J.  
                    STEVENS    ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF              APPEALS FOR THE THIRD CIRCUIT                                   [April 20, 2010]       CHIEF JUSTICE ROBERTS delivered the opinion of the Court.    Congress enacted 18 U. S. C. §48 to criminalize the commercial creation, sale, or possession of certain depic tions of animal cruelty. The statute does not address underlying acts harmful to animals, but only portrayals of such conduct. The question presented is whether the prohibition in the statute is consistent with the freedom of speech guaranteed by the First Amendment.
                            I   Section 48 establishes a criminal penalty of up to five years in prison for anyone who knowingly “creates, sells, or possesses a depiction of animal cruelty,” if done “for commercial gain” in interstate or foreign commerce. §48(a).1 A depiction of “animal cruelty” is defined as one ——————   1 The  statute reads in full:   “§48. Depiction of animal cruelty      “(a) CREATION, SALE, OR POSSESSION.—Whoever knowingly creates, sells, or possesses a depiction of animal cruelty with the intention of placing that depiction in interstate or foreign commerce for commercial gain, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than 5  2                    UNITED STATES v. STEVENS                             Opinion of the Court  “in which a living animal is intentionally maimed, muti lated, tortured, wounded, or killed,” if that conduct vio lates federal or state law where “the creation, sale, or possession takes place.” §48(c)(1). In what is referred to as the “exceptions clause,” the law exempts from prohibi tion any depiction “that has serious religious, political, scientific, educational, journalistic, historical, or artistic value.” §48(b).    The legislative background of §48 focused primarily on the interstate market for “crush videos.” According to the House Committee Report on the bill, such videos feature the intentional torture and killing of helpless animals, including cats, dogs, monkeys, mice, and hamsters. H. R. Rep. No. 106–397, p. 2 (1999) (hereinafter H. R. Rep.). Crush videos often depict women slowly crushing animals to death “with their bare feet or while wearing high heeled shoes,” sometimes while “talking to the animals in a kind of dominatrix patter” over “[t]he cries and squeals of the animals, obviously in great pain.” Ibid. Apparently these depictions “appeal to persons with a very specific sexual —————— years, or both.      “(b) EXCEPTION.—Subsection (a) does not apply to any depiction that has serious religious, political, scientific, educational, journalistic, historical, or artistic value.      “(c) DEFINITIONS.—In this section—         “(1) the term ‘depiction of animal cruelty’ means any visual or auditory depiction, including any photograph, motion-picture film, video recording, electronic image, or sound recording of conduct in which a living animal is intentionally maimed, mutilated, tortured, wounded, or killed, if such conduct is illegal under Federal law or the law of the State in which the creation, sale, or possession takes place, regardless of whether the maiming, mutilation, torture, wounding, or killing took place in the State; and         “(2) the term ‘State’ means each of the several States, the Dis trict of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Is lands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and any other commonwealth, territory, or possession of the United States.”
                     Cite as: 559 U. S. ____ (2010)                   3                           Opinion of the Court  fetish who find them sexually arousing or otherwise excit ing.” Id., at 2–3. The acts depicted in crush videos are typically prohibited by the animal cruelty laws enacted by all 50 States and the District of Columbia. See Brief for United States 25, n. 7 (listing statutes). But crush videos rarely disclose the participants’ identities, inhibiting prosecution of the underlying conduct. See H. R. Rep., at 3; accord, Brief for State of Florida et al. as Amici Curiae 11.    This case, however, involves an application of §48 to depictions of animal fighting. Dogfighting, for example, is unlawful in all 50 States and the District of Columbia, see Brief for United States 26, n. 8 (listing statutes), and has been restricted by federal law since 1976. Animal Welfare Act Amendments of 1976, §17, 90 Stat. 421, 7 U. S. C. §2156. Respondent Robert J. Stevens ran a business, “Dogs of Velvet and Steel,” and an associated Web site, through which he sold videos of pit bulls engaging in dogfights and attacking other animals. Among these videos were Japan Pit Fights and Pick-A-Winna: A Pit Bull Documentary, which include contemporary footage of dogfights in Japan (where such conduct is allegedly legal) as well as footage of American dogfights from the 1960’s and 1970’s.2 A third video, Catch Dogs and Country Liv ing, depicts the use of pit bulls to hunt wild boar, as well as a “gruesome” scene of a pit bull attacking a domestic farm pig. 533 F.3d 218, 221 (CA3 2008) (en banc). On the basis of these videos, Stevens was indicted on three counts of violating §48.    Stevens moved to dismiss the indictment, arguing that §48 is facially invalid under the First Amendment. The  ——————   2 TheGovernment contends that these dogfights were unlawful at the time they occurred, while Stevens disputes the assertion. Reply Brief for United States 25, n. 14 (hereinafter Reply Brief); Brief for Respon dent 44, n. 18.  4               UNITED STATES v. STEVENS                       Opinion of the Court  District Court denied the motion. It held that the depic tions subject to §48, like obscenity or child pornography, are categorically unprotected by the First Amendment. 2:04–cr–00051–ANB (WD Pa., Nov. 10, 2004), App. to Pet. for Cert. 65a–71a. It went on to hold that §48 is not sub stantially overbroad, because the exceptions clause suffi ciently narrows the statute to constitutional applications. Id., at 71a–75a. The jury convicted Stevens on all counts, and the District Court sentenced him to three concurrent sentences of 37 months’ imprisonment, followed by three years of supervised release. App. 37.    The en banc Third Circuit, over a three-judge dissent, declared §48 facially unconstitutional and vacated Ste vens’s conviction. 533 F.3d 218. The Court of Appeals first held that §48 regulates speech that is protected by the First Amendment. The Court declined to recognize a new category of unprotected speech for depictions of ani mal cruelty, id., at 224, and n. 6, and rejected the Gov ernment’s analogy between animal cruelty depictions and child pornography, id., at 224–232.    The Court of Appeals then held that §48 could not sur vive strict scrutiny as a content-based regulation of pro tected speech. Id., at 232. It found that the statute lacked a compelling government interest and was neither nar rowly tailored to preventing animal cruelty nor the least restrictive means of doing so. Id., at 232–235. It therefore held §48 facially invalid.    In an extended footnote, the Third Circuit noted that §48 “might also be unconstitutionally overbroad,” because it “potentially covers a great deal of constitutionally pro tected speech” and “sweeps [too] widely” to be limited only by prosecutorial discretion. Id., at 235, n. 16. But the Court of Appeals declined to rest its analysis on this ground.    We granted certiorari. 556 U. S. ___ (2009).
                  Cite as: 559 U. S. ____ (2010)           5                       Opinion of the Court                                 II      The Government’s primary submission is that §48 nec essarily complies with the Constitution because the banned depictions of animal cruelty, as a class, are categorically unprotected by the First Amendment. We disagree.    The First Amendment provides that “Congress shall make no law . . . abridging the freedom of speech.” “[A]s a general matter, the First Amendment means that gov ernment has no power to restrict expression because of its message, its ideas, its subject matter, or its content.” Ashcroft v. American Civil Liberties Union, 535 U.S. 564, 573 (2002) (internal quotation marks omitted). Section 48 explicitly regulates expression based on content: The statute restricts “visual [and] auditory depiction[s],” such as photographs, videos, or sound recordings, depending on whether they depict conduct in which a living animal is intentionally harmed. As such, §48 is “ ‘presumptively invalid,’ and the Government bears the burden to rebut that presumption.” United States v. Playboy Entertain ment Group, Inc., 529 U.S. 803, 817 (2000) (quoting R. A. V. v. St. Paul, 505 U.S. 377, 382 (1992); citation omitted).    “From 1791 to the present,” however, the First Amend ment has “permitted restrictions upon the content of speech in a few limited areas,” and has never “include[d] a freedom to disregard these traditional limitations.” Id., at 382–383. These “historic and traditional categories long familiar to the bar,” Simon & Schuster, Inc. v. Members of N. Y. State Crime Victims Bd., 502 U.S. 105, 127 (1991) (KENNEDY, J., concurring in judgment)—including obscen ity, Roth v. United States, 354 U.S. 476, 483 (1957), defa mation, Beauharnais v. Illinois, 343 U.S. 250, 254–255 (1952), fraud, Virginia Bd. of Pharmacy v. Virginia Citi zens Consumer Council, Inc., 425 U.S. 748, 771 (1976), incitement, Brandenburg v. Ohio, 395 U.S. 444, 447–449  6               UNITED STATES v. STEVENS                       Opinion of the Court  (1969) (per curiam), and speech integral to criminal con duct, Giboney v. Empire Storage & Ice Co., 336 U.S. 490, 498 (1949)—are “well-defined and narrowly limited classes of speech, the prevention and punishment of which have never been thought to raise any Constitutional problem.” Chaplinsky v. New Hampshire, 315 U.S. 568, 571–572 (1942).    The Government argues that “depictions of animal cruelty” should be added to the list. It contends that depictions of “illegal acts of animal cruelty” that are “made, sold, or possessed for commercial gain” necessarily “lack expressive value,” and may accordingly “be regulated as unprotected speech.” Brief for United States 10 (em phasis added). The claim is not just that Congress may regulate depictions of animal cruelty subject to the First Amendment, but that these depictions are outside the reach of that Amendment altogether—that they fall into a “ ‘First Amendment Free Zone.’ ”          Board of Airport Comm’rs of Los Angeles v. Jews for Jesus, Inc., 482 U.S. 569, 574 (1987).    As the Government notes, the prohibition of animal cruelty itself has a long history in American law, starting with the early settlement of the Colonies. Reply Brief 12, n. 8; see, e.g., The Body of Liberties §92 (Mass. Bay Colony 1641), reprinted in American Historical Documents 1000– 1904, 43 Harvard Classics 66, 79 (C. Eliot ed. 1910) (“No man shall exercise any Tirranny or Crueltie towards any bruite Creature which are usuallie kept for man’s use”). But we are unaware of any similar tradition excluding depictions of animal cruelty from “the freedom of speech” codified in the First Amendment, and the Government points us to none.    The Government contends that “historical evidence” about the reach of the First Amendment is not “a neces sary prerequisite for regulation today,” Reply Brief 12, n. 8, and that categories of speech may be exempted from                    Cite as: 559 U. S. ____ (2010)            7                        Opinion of the Court  the First Amendment’s protection without any long-settled tradition of subjecting that speech to regulation. Instead, the Government points to Congress’s “ ‘legislative judg ment that . . . depictions of animals being intentionally tortured and killed [are] of such minimal redeeming value as to render [them] unworthy of First Amendment protec tion,’ ” Brief for United States 23 (quoting 533 F. 3d, at 243 (Cowen, J., dissenting)), and asks the Court to uphold the ban on the same basis. The Government thus proposes that a claim of categorical exclusion should be considered under a simple balancing test: “Whether a given category of speech enjoys First Amendment protection depends upon a categorical balancing of the value of the speech against its societal costs.” Brief for United States 8; see also id., at 12.    As a free-floating test for First Amendment coverage, that sentence is startling and dangerous. The First Amendment’s guarantee of free speech does not extend only to categories of speech that survive an ad hoc balanc ing of relative social costs and benefits.         The First Amendment itself reflects a judgment by the American people that the benefits of its restrictions on the Govern ment outweigh the costs. Our Constitution forecloses any attempt to revise that judgment simply on the basis that some speech is not worth it. The Constitution is not a document “prescribing limits, and declaring that those limits may be passed at pleasure.” Marbury v. Madison, 1 Cranch 137, 178 (1803).    To be fair to the Government, its view did not emerge from a vacuum. As the Government correctly notes, this Court has often described historically unprotected catego ries of speech as being “ ‘of such slight social value as a step to truth that any benefit that may be derived from them is clearly outweighed by the social interest in order and morality.’ ” R. A. V., supra, at 383 (quoting Chap linsky, supra, at 572). In New York v. Ferber, 458 U.S.  8               UNITED STATES v. STEVENS                       Opinion of the Court  747 (1982), we noted that within these categories of unpro tected speech, “the evil to be restricted so overwhelmingly outweighs the expressive interests, if any, at stake, that no process of case-by-case adjudication is required,” be cause “the balance of competing interests is clearly struck,” id., at 763–764. The Government derives its proposed test from these descriptions in our precedents. See Brief for United States 12–13.   But such descriptions are just that—descriptive. They do not set forth a test that may be applied as a general matter to permit the Government to imprison any speaker so long as his speech is deemed valueless or unnecessary, or so long as an ad hoc calculus of costs and benefits tilts in a statute’s favor.   When we have identified categories of speech as fully outside the protection of the First Amendment, it has not been on the basis of a simple cost-benefit analysis. In Ferber, for example, we classified child pornography as such a category, 458 U. S., at 763. We noted that the State of New York had a compelling interest in protecting children from abuse, and that the value of using children in these works (as opposed to simulated conduct or adult actors) was de minimis. Id., at 756–757, 762. But our decision did not rest on this “balance of competing inter ests” alone. Id., at 764. We made clear that Ferber pre sented a special case: The market for child pornography was “intrinsically related” to the underlying abuse, and was therefore “an integral part of the production of such materials, an activity illegal throughout the Nation.” Id., at 759, 761. As we noted, “ ‘[i]t rarely has been suggested that the constitutional freedom for speech and press ex tends its immunity to speech or writing used as an inte gral part of conduct in violation of a valid criminal stat ute.’ ” Id., at 761–762 (quoting Giboney, supra, at 498). Ferber thus grounded its analysis in a previously recog nized, long-established category of unprotected speech,                   Cite as: 559 U. S. ____ (2010)            9                       Opinion of the Court  and our subsequent decisions have shared this under standing. See Osborne v. Ohio, 495 U.S. 103, 110 (1990) (describing Ferber as finding “persuasive” the argument that the advertising and sale of child pornography was “an integral part” of its unlawful production (internal quota tion marks omitted)); Ashcroft v. Free Speech Coalition, 535 U.S. 234, 249–250 (2002) (noting that distribution and sale “were intrinsically related to the sexual abuse of children,” giving the speech at issue “a proximate link to the crime from which it came” (internal quotation marks omitted)).    Our decisions in Ferber and other cases cannot be taken as establishing a freewheeling authority to declare new categories of speech outside the scope of the First Amend ment. Maybe there are some categories of speech that have been historically unprotected, but have not yet been specifically identified or discussed as such in our case law. But if so, there is no evidence that “depictions of animal cruelty” is among them. We need not foreclose the future recognition of such additional categories to reject the Government’s highly manipulable balancing test as a means of identifying them.
                           III   Because we decline to carve out from the First Amend ment any novel exception for §48, we review Stevens’s First Amendment challenge under our existing doctrine.
                               A    Stevens challenged §48 on its face, arguing that any conviction secured under the statute would be unconstitu tional. The court below decided the case on that basis, 533 F. 3d, at 231, n. 13, and we granted the Solicitor General’s petition for certiorari to determine “whether 18 U. S. C. 48 is facially invalid under the Free Speech Clause of the First Amendment,” Pet. for Cert. i.  10                  UNITED STATES v. STEVENS                           Opinion of the Court     To succeed in a typical facial attack, Stevens would have to establish “that no set of circumstances exists under which [§48] would be valid,” United States v. Salerno, 481 U.S. 739, 745 (1987), or that the statute lacks any “plainly legitimate sweep,” Washington v. Glucksberg, 521 U.S. 702, 740, n. 7 (1997) (STEVENS, J., concurring in judg ments) (internal quotation marks omitted). Which stan dard applies in a typical case is a matter of dispute that we need not and do not address, and neither Salerno nor Glucksberg is a speech case. Here the Government asserts that Stevens cannot prevail because §48 is plainly legiti mate as applied to crush videos and animal fighting depic tions. Deciding this case through a traditional facial analysis would require us to resolve whether these appli cations of §48 are in fact consistent with the Constitution.    In the First Amendment context, however, this Court recognizes “a second type of facial challenge,” whereby a law may be invalidated as overbroad if “a substantial number of its applications are unconstitutional, judged in relation to the statute’s plainly legitimate sweep.” Wash ington State Grange v. Washington State Republican Party, 552 U.S. 442, 449, n. 6 (2008) (internal quotation marks omitted). Stevens argues that §48 applies to com mon depictions of ordinary and lawful activities, and that these depictions constitute the vast majority of materials subject to the statute. Brief for Respondent 22–25. The Government makes no effort to defend such a broad ban as constitutional. Instead, the Government’s entire defense of §48 rests on interpreting the statute as narrowly lim ited to specific types of “extreme” material. Brief for United States 8. As the parties have presented the issue, therefore, the constitutionality of §48 hinges on how broadly it is construed. It is to that question that we now turn.3 ——————  3 The   dissent contends that because there has not been a ruling on                        Cite as: 559 U. S. ____ (2010)                    11                            Opinion of the Court                                  B     As we explained two Terms ago, “[t]he first step in overbreadth analysis is to construe the challenged statute; it is impossible to determine whether a statute reaches too far without first knowing what the statute covers.” United States v. Williams, 553 U.S. 285, 293 (2008). Because §48 is a federal statute, there is no need to defer to a state court’s authority to interpret its own law.    We read §48 to create a criminal prohibition of alarming breadth. To begin with, the text of the statute’s ban on a “depiction of animal cruelty” nowhere requires that the depicted conduct be cruel. That text applies to “any . . . depiction” in which “a living animal is intentionally maimed, mutilated, tortured, wounded, or killed.” §48(c)(1). “[M]aimed, mutilated, [and] tortured” convey cruelty, but “wounded” or “killed” do not suggest any such limitation.    The Government contends that the terms in the defini tion should be read to require the additional element of “accompanying acts of cruelty.” Reply Brief 6; see also Tr. of Oral Arg. 17–19. (The dissent hinges on the same —————— the validity of the statute as applied to Stevens, our consideration of his facial overbreadth claim is premature. Post, at 1, and n. 1, 2–3 (opinion of ALITO, J.). Whether or not that conclusion follows, here no as-applied claim has been preserved. Neither court below construed Stevens’s briefs as adequately developing a separate attack on a defined subset of the statute’s applications (say, dogfighting videos). See 533 F.3d 218, 231, n. 13 (CA3 2008) (en banc) (“Stevens brings a facial challenge to the statute”); App. to Pet. for Cert. 65a, 74a. Neither did the Govern ment, see Brief for United States in No. 05–2497 (CA3), p. 28 (opposing “the appellant’s facial challenge”); accord, Brief for United States 4. The sentence in Stevens’s appellate brief mentioning his unrelated sufficiency-of-the-evidence challenge hardly developed a First Amend ment as-applied claim. See post, at 1, n. 1. Stevens’s constitutional argument is a general one. And unlike the challengers in Washington State Grange, Stevens does not “rest on factual assumptions . . . that can be evaluated only in the context of an as-applied challenge.” 552 U. S., at 444.  12               UNITED STATES v. STEVENS                        Opinion of the Court  assumption. See post, at 6, 9.) The Government bases this argument on the definiendum, “depiction of animal cruelty,” cf. Leocal v. Ashcroft, 543 U.S. 1, 11 (2004), and on “ ‘the commonsense canon of noscitur a sociis.’ ” Reply Brief 7 (quoting Williams, 553 U. S., at 294). As that canon recognizes, an ambiguous term may be “given more precise content by the neighboring words with which it is associated.” Ibid. Likewise, an unclear definitional phrase may take meaning from the term to be defined, see Leocal, supra, at 11 (interpreting a “ ‘substantial risk’ ” of the “us[e]” of “physical force” as part of the definition of “ ‘crime of violence’ ”).     But the phrase “wounded . . . or killed” at issue here contains little ambiguity. The Government’s opening brief properly applies the ordinary meaning of these words, stating for example that to “ ‘kill’ is ‘to deprive of life.’ ” Brief for United States 14 (quoting Webster’s Third New International Dictionary 1242 (1993)). We agree that “wounded” and “killed” should be read according to their ordinary meaning. Cf. Engine Mfrs. Assn. v. South Coast Air Quality Management Dist., 541 U.S. 246, 252 (2004). Nothing about that meaning requires cruelty.     While not requiring cruelty, §48 does require that the depicted conduct be “illegal.” But this requirement does not limit §48 along the lines the Government suggests. There are myriad federal and state laws concerning the proper treatment of animals, but many of them are not designed to guard against animal cruelty. Protections of endangered species, for example, restrict even the humane “wound[ing] or kill[ing]” of “living animal[s].” §48(c)(1). Livestock regulations are often designed to protect the health of human beings, and hunting and fishing rules (seasons, licensure, bag limits, weight requirements) can be designed to raise revenue, preserve animal populations, or prevent accidents. The text of §48(c) draws no distinc tion based on the reason the intentional killing of an                       Cite as: 559 U. S. ____ (2010)                    13                            Opinion of the Court  animal is made illegal, and includes, for example, the humane slaughter of a stolen cow.4    What is more, the application of §48 to depictions of illegal conduct extends to conduct that is illegal in only a single jurisdiction. Under subsection (c)(1), the depicted conduct need only be illegal in “the State in which the creation, sale, or possession takes place, regardless of whether the . . . wounding . . . or killing took place in [that] State.” A depiction of entirely lawful conduct runs afoul of the ban if that depiction later finds its way into another State where the same conduct is unlawful. This provision greatly expands the scope of §48, because al though there may be “a broad societal consensus” against cruelty to animals, Brief for United States 2, there is substantial disagreement on what types of conduct are properly regarded as cruel. Both views about cruelty to animals and regulations having no connection to cruelty vary widely from place to place.    In the District of Columbia, for example, all hunting is unlawful. D. C. Munic. Regs., tit. 19, §1560 (2009). Other jurisdictions permit or encourage hunting, and there is an enormous national market for hunting-related depictions in which a living animal is intentionally killed. Hunting periodicals have circulations in the hundreds of thousands or millions, see Mediaweek, Sept. 29, 2008, p. 28, and hunting television programs, videos, and Web sites are equally popular, see Brief for Professional Outdoor Media  ——————    4 The citations in the dissent’s appendix are beside the point. The  cited statutes stand for the proposition that hunting is not covered by animal cruelty laws. But the reach of §48 is, as we have explained, not restricted to depictions of conduct that violates a law specifically directed at animal cruelty. It simply requires that the depicted conduct be “illegal.” §48(c)(1). The Government implicitly admits as much, arguing that “instructional videos for hunting” are saved by the stat ute’s exceptions clause, not that they fall outside the prohibition in the first place. Reply Brief 6.  14               UNITED STATES v. STEVENS                        Opinion of the Court  Association et al. as Amici Curiae 9–10. The demand for hunting depictions exceeds the estimated demand for crush videos or animal fighting depictions by several orders of magnitude. Compare ibid. and Brief for National Rifle Association of America, Inc., as Amicus Curiae 12 (hereinafter NRA Brief) (estimating that hunting maga zines alone account for $135 million in annual retail sales) with Brief for United States 43–44, 46 (suggesting $1 million in crush video sales per year, and noting that Stevens earned $57,000 from his videos). Nonetheless, because the statute allows each jurisdiction to export its laws to the rest of the country, §48(a) extends to any magazine or video depicting lawful hunting, so long as that depiction is sold within the Nation’s Capital.    Those seeking to comply with the law thus face a bewil dering maze of regulations from at least 56 separate juris dictions. Some States permit hunting with crossbows, Ga. Code Ann. §27–3–4(1) (2007); Va. Code Ann. §29.1– 519(A)(6) (Lexis 2008 Cum. Supp.), while others forbid it, Ore. Admin. Reg. 635–065–0725 (2009), or restrict it only to the disabled, N. Y. Envir. Conserv. Law Ann. §11– 0901(16) (West 2005). Missouri allows the “canned” hunt ing of ungulates held in captivity, Mo. Code Regs. Ann., tit. 3, 10–9.560(1), but Montana restricts such hunting to certain bird species, Mont. Admin. Rule 12.6.1202(1) (2007). The sharp-tailed grouse may be hunted in Idaho, but not in Washington. Compare Idaho Admin. Code §13.01.09.606 (2009) with Wash. Admin. Code §232–28– 342 (2009).    The disagreements among the States—and the “com monwealth[s], territor[ies], or possession[s] of the United States,” 18 U. S. C. §48(c)(2)—extend well beyond hunting. State agricultural regulations permit different methods of livestock slaughter in different places or as applied to differ ent animals. Compare, e.g., Fla. Stat. §828.23(5) (2007) (excluding poultry from humane slaughter requirements)                    Cite as: 559 U. S. ____ (2010)           15                        Opinion of the Court  with Cal. Food & Agric. Code Ann. §19501(b) (West 2001) (including some poultry). California has recently banned cutting or “docking” the tails of dairy cattle, which other States permit. 2009 Cal. Legis. Serv. Ch. 344 (S. B. 135) (West). Even cockfighting, long considered immoral in much of America, see Barnes v. Glen Theatre, Inc., 501 U.S. 560, 575 (1991) (SCALIA, J., concurring in judgment), is legal in Puerto Rico, see 15 Laws P. R. Ann. §301 (Supp. 2008); Posadas de Puerto Rico Associates v. Tourism Co. of P. R., 478 U.S. 328, 342 (1986), and was legal in Louisi ana until 2008, see La. Stat. Ann. §14:102.23 (West) (effec tive Aug. 15, 2008). An otherwise-lawful image of any of these practices, if sold or possessed for commercial gain within a State that happens to forbid the practice, falls within the prohibition of §48(a).
                              C    The only thing standing between defendants who sell such depictions and five years in federal prison—other than the mercy of a prosecutor—is the statute’s exceptions clause. Subsection (b) exempts from prohibition “any depiction that has serious religious, political, scientific, educational, journalistic, historical, or artistic value.” The Government argues that this clause substantially narrows the statute’s reach: News reports about animal cruelty have “journalistic” value; pictures of bullfights in Spain have “historical” value; and instructional hunting videos have “educational” value. Reply Brief 6. Thus, the Gov ernment argues, §48 reaches only crush videos, depictions of animal fighting (other than Spanish bullfighting, see Brief for United States 47–48), and perhaps other depic tions of “extreme acts of animal cruelty.” Id., at 41.    The Government’s attempt to narrow the statutory ban, however, requires an unrealistically broad reading of the exceptions clause. As the Government reads the clause, any material with “redeeming societal value,” id., at 9, 16,  16              UNITED STATES v. STEVENS                       Opinion of the Court  23, “ ‘at least some minimal value,’ ” Reply Brief 6 (quoting H. R. Rep., at 4), or anything more than “scant social value,” Reply Brief 11, is excluded under §48(b). But the text says “serious” value, and “serious” should be taken seriously.      We decline the Government’s invitation— advanced for the first time in this Court—to regard as “serious” anything that is not “scant.” (Or, as the dissent puts it, “ ‘trifling.’ ” Post, at 6.) As the Government recog nized below, “serious” ordinarily means a good bit more. The District Court’s jury instructions required value that is “significant and of great import,” App. 132, and the Government defended these instructions as properly relying on “a commonly accepted meaning of the word ‘serious,’ ” Brief for United States in No. 05–2497 (CA3), p. 50.    Quite apart from the requirement of “serious” value in §48(b), the excepted speech must also fall within one of the enumerated categories. Much speech does not. Most hunting videos, for example, are not obviously instruc tional in nature, except in the sense that all life is a les son. According to Safari Club International and the Con gressional Sportsmen’s Foundation, many popular videos “have primarily entertainment value” and are designed to “entertai[n] the viewer, marke[t] hunting equipment, or increas[e] the hunting community.” Brief for Safari Club International et al. as Amici Curiae 12. The National Rifle Association agrees that “much of the content of hunt ing media . . . is merely recreational in nature.” NRA Brief 28. The Government offers no principled explanation why these depictions of hunting or depictions of Spanish bull fights would be inherently valuable while those of Japa nese dogfights are not. The dissent contends that hunting depictions must have serious value because hunting has serious value, in a way that dogfights presumably do not. Post, at 6–8. But §48(b) addresses the value of the depic tions, not of the underlying activity. There is simply no                    Cite as: 559 U. S. ____ (2010)             17                        Opinion of the Court  adequate reading of the exceptions clause that results in the statute’s banning only the depictions the Government would like to ban.     The Government explains that the language of §48(b) was largely drawn from our opinion in Miller v. California, 413 U.S. 15 (1973), which excepted from its definition of obscenity any material with “serious literary, artistic, political, or scientific value,” id., at 24. See Reply Brief 8, 9, and n. 5. According to the Government, this incorpora tion of the Miller standard into §48 is therefore surely enough to answer any First Amendment objection. Reply Brief 8–9.     In Miller we held that “serious” value shields depictions of sex from regulation as obscenity. 413 U. S., at 24–25. Limiting Miller’s exception to “serious” value ensured that “ ‘[a] quotation from Voltaire in the flyleaf of a book [would] not constitutionally redeem an otherwise obscene publication.’ ” Id., at 25, n. 7 (quoting Kois v. Wisconsin, 408 U.S. 229, 231 (1972) (per curiam)). We did not, how ever, determine that serious value could be used as a general precondition to protecting other types of speech in the first place. Most of what we say to one another lacks “religious, political, scientific, educational, journalistic, historical, or artistic value” (let alone serious value), but it is still sheltered from government regulation. Even “ ‘[w]holly neutral futilities . . . come under the protection of free speech as fully as do Keats’ poems or Donne’s ser mons.’ ” Cohen v. California, 403 U.S. 15, 25 (1971) (quot ing Winters v. New York, 333 U.S. 507, 528 (1948) (Frank furter, J., dissenting); alteration in original).     Thus, the protection of the First Amendment presump tively extends to many forms of speech that do not qualify for the serious-value exception of §48(b), but nonetheless fall within the broad reach of §48(c).  18               UNITED STATES v. STEVENS                        Opinion of the Court 
                                D    Not to worry, the Government says: The Executive Branch construes §48 to reach only “extreme” cruelty, Brief for United States 8, and it “neither has brought nor will bring a prosecution for anything less,” Reply Brief 6– 7. The Government hits this theme hard, invoking its prosecutorial discretion several times. See id., at 6–7, 10, and n. 6, 19, 22. But the First Amendment protects against the Government; it does not leave us at the mercy of noblesse oblige. We would not uphold an unconstitu tional statute merely because the Government promised to use it responsibly. Cf. Whitman v. American Trucking Assns., Inc., 531 U.S. 457, 473 (2001).    This prosecution is itself evidence of the danger in put ting faith in government representations of prosecutorial restraint. When this legislation was enacted, the Execu tive Branch announced that it would interpret §48 as covering only depictions “of wanton cruelty to animals designed to appeal to a prurient interest in sex.” See Statement by President William J. Clinton upon Signing H. R. 1887, 34 Weekly Comp. Pres. Doc. 2557 (Dec. 9, 1999). No one suggests that the videos in this case fit that description. The Government’s assurance that it will apply §48 far more restrictively than its language provides is pertinent only as an implicit acknowledgment of the potential constitutional problems with a more natural reading.    Nor can we rely upon the canon of construction that “ambiguous statutory language [should] be construed to avoid serious constitutional doubts.” FCC v. Fox Televi sion Stations, Inc., 556 U. S. ___, ___ (2009) (slip op., at 12). “[T]his Court may impose a limiting construction on a statute only if it is ‘readily susceptible’ to such a construc tion.” Reno v. American Civil Liberties Union, 521 U.S. 844, 884 (1997). We “ ‘will not rewrite a . . . law to conform it to constitutional requirements,’ ” id., at 884–885 (quot                   Cite as: 559 U. S. ____ (2010)          19                       Opinion of the Court  ing Virginia v. American Booksellers Assn., Inc., 484 U.S. 383, 397 (1988); omission in original), for doing so would constitute a “serious invasion of the legislative domain,” United States v. Treasury Employees, 513 U.S. 454, 479, n. 26 (1995), and sharply diminish Congress’s “incentive to draft a narrowly tailored law in the first place,” Osborne, 495 U. S., at 121. To read §48 as the Government desires requires rewriting, not just reinterpretation.                         *     *     *    Our construction of §48 decides the constitutional ques tion; the Government makes no effort to defend the consti tutionality of §48 as applied beyond crush videos and depictions of animal fighting. It argues that those particu lar depictions are intrinsically related to criminal conduct or are analogous to obscenity (if not themselves obscene), and that the ban on such speech is narrowly tailored to reinforce restrictions on the underlying conduct, prevent additional crime arising from the depictions, or safeguard public mores. But the Government nowhere attempts to extend these arguments to depictions of any other activi ties—depictions that are presumptively protected by the First Amendment but that remain subject to the criminal sanctions of §48.    Nor does the Government seriously contest that the presumptively impermissible applications of §48 (properly construed) far outnumber any permissible ones. However “growing” and “lucrative” the markets for crush videos and dogfighting depictions might be, see Brief for United States 43, 46 (internal quotation marks omitted), they are dwarfed by the market for other depictions, such as hunt ing magazines and videos, that we have determined to be within the scope of §48. See supra, at 13–14. We there fore need not and do not decide whether a statute limited to crush videos or other depictions of extreme animal cruelty would be constitutional. We hold only that §48 is  20              UNITED STATES v. STEVENS                       Opinion of the Court  not so limited but is instead substantially overbroad, and therefore invalid under the First Amendment.   The judgment of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit is affirmed.
                                            It is so ordered.
                       Cite as: 559 U. S. ____ (2010)                      1                             ALITO, J., dissenting  SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES                                _________________ 
                                No. 08–769                                _________________         UNITED STATES, PETITIONER v. ROBERT J.  
                    STEVENS    ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF              APPEALS FOR THE THIRD CIRCUIT                               [April 20, 2010]      JUSTICE ALITO, dissenting.   The Court strikes down in its entirety a valuable stat ute, 18 U. S. C. §48, that was enacted not to suppress speech, but to prevent horrific acts of animal cruelty—in particular, the creation and commercial exploitation of “crush videos,” a form of depraved entertainment that has no social value. The Court’s approach, which has the practical effect of legalizing the sale of such videos and is thus likely to spur a resumption of their production, is unwarranted. Respondent was convicted under §48 for selling videos depicting dogfights. On appeal, he argued, among other things, that §48 is unconstitutional as ap plied to the facts of this case, and he highlighted features of those videos that might distinguish them from other dogfight videos brought to our attention.1 The Court of ——————   1 Respondent     argued at length that the evidence was insufficient to prove that the particular videos he sold lacked any serious scientific, educational, or historical value and thus fell outside the exception in §48(b). See Brief for Appellant in No. 05–2497 (CA3), pp. 72–79. He added that, if the evidence in this case was held to be sufficient to take his videos outside the scope of the exception, then “this case presents . . . a situation” in which “a constitutional violation occurs.” Id., at 71. See also id., at 47 (“The applicability of 18 U. S. C. §48 to speech which is not a crush video or an appeal to some prurient sexual interest constitutes a restriction of protected speech, and an unwarranted violation of the First Amendment’s free speech guarantee”); Brief for  2                   UNITED STATES v. STEVENS                            ALITO, J., dissenting  Appeals—incorrectly, in my view—declined to decide whether §48 is unconstitutional as applied to respondent’s videos and instead reached out to hold that the statute is facially invalid. Today’s decision does not endorse the Court of Appeals’ reasoning, but it nevertheless strikes down §48 using what has been aptly termed the “strong medicine” of the overbreadth doctrine, United States v. Williams, 553 U.S. 285, 293 (2008) (internal quotation marks omitted), a potion that generally should be admin istered only as “a last resort.” Los Angeles Police Dept. v. United Reporting Publishing Corp., 528 U.S. 32, 39 (1999) (internal quotation marks omitted).    Instead of applying the doctrine of overbreadth, I would vacate the decision below and instruct the Court of Ap peals on remand to decide whether the videos that respon dent sold are constitutionally protected. If the question of overbreadth is to be decided, however, I do not think the present record supports the Court’s conclusion that §48 bans a substantial quantity of protected speech.
                             I    A party seeking to challenge the constitutionality of a statute generally must show that the statute violates the party’s own rights. New York v. Ferber, 458 U.S. 747, 767 (1982). The First Amendment overbreadth doctrine carves out a narrow exception to that general rule. See id., at 768; Broadrick v. Oklahoma, 413 U.S. 601, 611–612 (1973). Because an overly broad law may deter constitu tionally protected speech, the overbreadth doctrine allows  —————— Respondent 55 (“Stevens’ speech does not fit within any existing category of unprotected, prosecutable speech”); id., at 57 (“[T]he record as a whole demonstrates that Stevens’ speech cannot constitutionally be punished”). Contrary to the Court, ante, at 10–11, n. 3 (citing 533 F.3d 218, 231, n. 13 (CA3 2008) (en banc)), I see no suggestion in the opinion of the Court of Appeals that respondent did not preserve an as applied challenge.
                       Cite as: 559 U. S. ____ (2010)                       3                             ALITO, J., dissenting  a party to whom the law may constitutionally be applied to challenge the statute on the ground that it violates the First Amendment rights of others. See, e.g., Board of Trustees of State Univ. of N. Y. v. Fox, 492 U.S. 469, 483 (1989) (“Ordinarily, the principal advantage of the over breadth doctrine for a litigant is that it enables him to benefit from the statute’s unlawful application to someone else”); see also Ohralik v. Ohio State Bar Assn., 436 U.S. 447, 462, n. 20 (1978) (describing the doctrine as one “under which a person may challenge a statute that in fringes protected speech even if the statute constitution ally might be applied to him”).    The “strong medicine” of overbreadth invalidation need not and generally should not be administered when the statute under attack is unconstitutional as applied to the challenger before the court. As we said in Fox, supra, at 484–485, “[i]t is not the usual judicial practice, . . . nor do we consider it generally desirable, to proceed to an over breadth issue unnecessarily—that is, before it is deter mined that the statute would be valid as applied.” Accord, New York State Club Assn., Inc. v. City of New York, 487 U.S. 1, 11 (1988); see also Broadrick, supra, at 613; United Reporting Publishing Corp., supra, at 45 (STEVENS, J., dissenting).    I see no reason to depart here from the generally pre ferred procedure of considering the question of over breadth only as a last resort.2 Because the Court has addressed the overbreadth question, however, I will ex plain why I do not think that the record supports the conclusion that §48, when properly interpreted, is overly broad.    ——————   2 For the reasons set forth below, this is not a case in which the chal  lenged statute is unconstitutional in all or almost all of its applications.  4               UNITED STATES v. STEVENS                       ALITO, J., dissenting 
                              II    The overbreadth doctrine “strike[s] a balance between competing social costs.” Williams, 553 U. S., at 292. Specifically, the doctrine seeks to balance the “harmful effects” of “invalidating a law that in some of its applica tions is perfectly constitutional” against the possibility that “the threat of enforcement of an overbroad law [will] dete[r] people from engaging in constitutionally protected speech.” Ibid. “In order to maintain an appropriate bal ance, we have vigorously enforced the requirement that a statute’s overbreadth be substantial, not only in an abso lute sense, but also relative to the statute’s plainly legiti mate sweep.” Ibid.    In determining whether a statute’s overbreadth is sub stantial, we consider a statute’s application to real-world conduct, not fanciful hypotheticals. See, e.g., id., at 301– 302; see also Ferber, supra, at 773; Houston v. Hill, 482 U.S. 451, 466–467 (1987). Accordingly, we have repeat edly emphasized that an overbreadth claimant bears the burden of demonstrating, “from the text of [the law] and from actual fact,” that substantial overbreadth exists. Virginia v. Hicks, 539 U.S. 113, 122 (2003) (quoting New York State Club Assn., supra, at 14; emphasis added; internal quotation marks omitted; alteration in original). Similarly, “there must be a realistic danger that the stat ute itself will significantly compromise recognized First Amendment protections of parties not before the Court for it to be facially challenged on overbreadth grounds.” Members of City Council of Los Angeles v. Taxpayers for Vincent, 466 U.S. 789, 801 (1984) (emphasis added).
                             III   In holding that §48 violates the overbreadth rule, the Court declines to decide whether, as the Government maintains, §48 is constitutional as applied to two broad categories of depictions that exist in the real world: crush                   Cite as: 559 U. S. ____ (2010)            5                       ALITO, J., dissenting  videos and depictions of deadly animal fights. See ante, at 10, 19. Instead, the Court tacitly assumes for the sake of argument that §48 is valid as applied to these depictions, but the Court concludes that §48 reaches too much pro tected speech to survive. The Court relies primarily on depictions of hunters killing or wounding game and depic tions of animals being slaughtered for food. I address the Court’s examples below.
                                A    I turn first to depictions of hunting. As the Court notes, photographs and videos of hunters shooting game are common. See ante, at 13–14. But hunting is legal in all 50 States, and §48 applies only to a depiction of conduct that is illegal in the jurisdiction in which the depiction is created, sold, or possessed. §§48(a), (c). Therefore, in all 50 States, the creation, sale, or possession for sale of the vast majority of hunting depictions indisputably falls outside §48’s reach.    Straining to find overbreadth, the Court suggests that §48 prohibits the sale or possession in the District of Co lumbia of any depiction of hunting because the District— undoubtedly because of its urban character—does not permit hunting within its boundaries. Ante, at 13. The Court also suggests that, because some States prohibit a particular type of hunting (e.g., hunting with a crossbow or “canned” hunting) or the hunting of a particular animal (e.g., the “sharp-tailed grouse”), §48 makes it illegal for persons in such States to sell or possess for sale a depic tion of hunting that was perfectly legal in the State in which the hunting took place. See ante, at 12–14.    The Court’s interpretation is seriously flawed. “When a federal court is dealing with a federal statute challenged as overbroad, it should, of course, construe the statute to avoid constitutional problems, if the statute is subject to such a limiting construction.” Ferber, 458 U. S., at 769,  6                   UNITED STATES v. STEVENS                           ALITO, J., dissenting  n. 24. See also Williams, supra, at 307 (STEVENS, J., concurring) (“[T]o the extent the statutory text alone is unclear, our duty to avoid constitutional objections makes it especially appropriate to look beyond the text in order to ascertain the intent of its drafters”).    Applying this canon, I would hold that §48 does not apply to depictions of hunting. First, because §48 targets depictions of “animal cruelty,” I would interpret that term to apply only to depictions involving acts of animal cruelty as defined by applicable state or federal law, not to depictions of acts that happen to be illegal for reasons having nothing to do with the prevention of animal cru elty. See ante, at 12–13 (interpreting “[t]he text of §48(c)” to ban a depiction of “the humane slaughter of a stolen cow”). Virtually all state laws prohibiting animal cruelty either expressly define the term “animal” to exclude wildlife or else specifically exempt lawful hunting activi ties,3 so the statutory prohibition set forth in §48(a) may reasonably be interpreted not to reach most if not all hunting depictions.    Second, even if the hunting of wild animals were other wise covered by §48(a), I would hold that hunting depic tions fall within the exception in §48(b) for depictions that have “serious” (i.e., not “trifling”4) “scientific,” “educa ——————    3 See Appendix, infra (citing statutes); B. Wagman, S. Waisman, & P.  Frasch, Animal Law: Cases and Materials 92 (4th ed. 2010) (“Most anti cruelty laws also include one or more exemptions,” which often “ex clud[e] from coverage (1) whole classes of animals, such as wildlife or farm animals, or (2) specific activities, such as hunting”); Note, Eco nomics and Ethics in the Genetic Engineering of Animals, 19 Harv. J. L. & Tech. 413, 432 (2006) (“Not surprisingly, state laws relating to the humane treatment of wildlife, including deer, elk, and waterfowl, are virtually non-existent”).    4 Webster’s Third New International Dictionary 2073 (1976); Random  House Dictionary of the English Language 1303 (1966). While the term “serious” may also mean “weighty” or “important,” ibid., we should adopt the former definition if necessary to avoid unconstitutionality.
                  Cite as: 559 U. S. ____ (2010)            7                       ALITO, J., dissenting  tional,” or “historical” value. While there are certainly those who find hunting objectionable, the predominant view in this country has long been that hunting serves many important values, and it is clear that Congress shares that view. Since 1972, when Congress called upon the President to designate a National Hunting and Fish ing Day, see S. J. Res. 117, 92d Cong., 2d Sess. (1972), 86 Stat. 133, Presidents have regularly issued proclamations extolling the values served by hunting. See Presidential Proclamation No. 8421, 74 Fed. Reg. 49305 (Pres. Obama 2009) (hunting and fishing are “ageless pursuits” that promote “the conservation and restoration of numerous species and their natural habitats”); Presidential Procla mation No. 8295, 73 Fed. Reg. 57233 (Pres. Bush 2008) (hunters and anglers “add to our heritage and keep our wildlife populations healthy and strong,” and “are among our foremost conservationists”); Presidential Proclamation No. 7822, 69 Fed. Reg. 59539 (Pres. Bush 2004) (hunting and fishing are “an important part of our Nation’s heri tage,” and “America’s hunters and anglers represent the great spirit of our country”); Presidential Proclamation No. 4682, 44 Fed. Reg. 53149 (Pres. Carter 1979) (hunting promotes conservation and an appreciation of “healthy recreation, peaceful solitude and closeness to nature”); Presidential Proclamation No. 4318, 39 Fed. Reg. 35315 (Pres. Ford 1974) (hunting furthers “appreciation and respect for nature” and preservation of the environment). Thus, it is widely thought that hunting has “scientific” value in that it promotes conservation, “historical” value in that it provides a link to past times when hunting played a critical role in daily life, and “educational” value in that it furthers the understanding and appreciation of nature and our country’s past and instills valuable charac ter traits. And if hunting itself is widely thought to serve these values, then it takes but a small additional step to conclude that depictions of hunting make a non-trivial  8               UNITED STATES v. STEVENS                       ALITO, J., dissenting  contribution to the exchange of ideas. Accordingly, I would hold that hunting depictions fall comfortably within the exception set out in §48(b).   I do not have the slightest doubt that Congress, in en acting §48, had no intention of restricting the creation, sale, or possession of depictions of hunting. Proponents of the law made this point clearly. See H. R. Rep. No. 106– 397, p. 8 (1999) (hereinafter H. R. Rep.) (“[D]epictions of ordinary hunting and fishing activities do not fall within the scope of the statute”); 145 Cong. Rec. 25894 (Oct. 19, 1999) (Rep. McCollum) (“[T]he sale of depictions of legal activities, such as hunting and fishing, would not be illegal under this bill”); id., at 25895 (Rep. Smith) (“[L]et us be clear as to what this legislation will not do. It will in no way prohibit hunting, fishing, or wildlife videos”). Indeed, even opponents acknowledged that §48 was not intended to reach ordinary hunting depictions. See ibid. (Rep. Scott); id., at 25897 (Rep. Paul).   For these reasons, I am convinced that §48 has no appli cation to depictions of hunting. But even if §48 did imper missibly reach the sale or possession of depictions of hunt ing in a few unusual situations (for example, the sale in Oregon of a depiction of hunting with a crossbow in Vir ginia or the sale in Washington State of the hunting of a sharp-tailed grouse in Idaho, see ante, at 14), those iso lated applications would hardly show that §48 bans a substantial amount of protected speech.
                             B    Although the Court’s overbreadth analysis rests primar ily on the proposition that §48 substantially restricts the sale and possession of hunting depictions, the Court cites a few additional examples, including depictions of methods of slaughter and the docking of the tails of dairy cows. See ante, at 14–15.    Such examples do not show that the statute is substan                     Cite as: 559 U. S. ____ (2010)               9                         ALITO, J., dissenting  tially overbroad, for two reasons. First, as explained above, §48 can reasonably be construed to apply only to depictions involving acts of animal cruelty as defined by applicable state or federal law, and anti-cruelty laws do not ban the sorts of acts depicted in the Court’s hypotheti cals. See, e.g., Idaho Code §25–3514 (Lexis 2000) (“No part of this chapter [prohibiting cruelty to animals] shall be construed as interfering with or allowing interference with . . . [t]he humane slaughter of any animal normally and commonly raised as food or for production of fiber . . . [or] [n]ormal or accepted practices of . . . animal hus bandry”); Kan. Stat. Ann. § 21–4310(b) (2007) (“The provi sions of this section shall not apply to . . . with respect to farm animals, normal or accepted practices of animal husbandry, including the normal and accepted practices for the slaughter of such animals”); Md. Crim. Law Code Ann. §10–603 (Lexis 2002) (sections prohibiting animal cruelty “do not apply to . . . customary and normal veteri nary and agricultural husbandry practices, including dehorning, castration, tail docking, and limit feeding”).    Second, nothing in the record suggests that any one has ever created, sold, or possessed for sale a depiction of the slaughter of food animals or of the docking of the tails of dairy cows that would not easily qualify under the excep tion set out in §48(b). Depictions created to show proper methods of slaughter or tail-docking would presumably have serious “educational” value, and depictions created to focus attention on methods thought to be inhumane or otherwise objectionable would presumably have either serious “educational” or “journalistic” value or both. In short, the Court’s examples of depictions involving the docking of tails and humane slaughter do not show that §48 suffers from any overbreadth, much less substantial overbreadth.    The Court notes, finally, that cockfighting, which is illegal in all States, is still legal in Puerto Rico, ante, at 15,  10                  UNITED STATES v. STEVENS                            ALITO, J., dissenting  and I take the Court’s point to be that it would be imper missible to ban the creation, sale, or possession in Puerto Rico of a depiction of a cockfight that was legally staged in Puerto Rico.5 But assuming for the sake of argument that this is correct, this veritable sliver of unconstitutionality would not be enough to justify striking down §48 in toto.    In sum, we have a duty to interpret §48 so as to avoid serious constitutional concerns, and §48 may reasonably be construed not to reach almost all, if not all, of the depic tions that the Court finds constitutionally protected. Thus, §48 does not appear to have a large number of un constitutional applications. Invalidation for overbreadth is appropriate only if the challenged statute suffers from substantial overbreadth—judged not just in absolute terms, but in relation to the statute’s “plainly legitimate sweep.” Williams, 553 U. S., at 292. As I explain in the following Part, §48 has a substantial core of constitution ally permissible applications.
                             IV
                              A                                                                 As the Court of Appeals recognized, “the primary con duct that Congress sought to address through its passage [of §48] was the creation, sale, or possession of ‘crush videos.’ ” 533 F.3d 218, 222 (CA3 2008) (en banc). A sample crush video, which has been lodged with the Clerk, records the following event:  ——————   5 Since the Court has taken pains not to decide whether §48 would be unconstitutional as applied to graphic dogfight videos, including those depicting fights occurring in countries where dogfighting is legal, I take it that the Court does not intend for its passing reference to cockfights to mean either that all depictions of cockfights, whether legal or illegal under local law, are protected by the First Amendment or that it is impermissible to ban the sale or possession in the States of a depiction of a legal cockfight in Puerto Rico.
                   Cite as: 559 U. S. ____ (2010)           11                        ALITO, J., dissenting      “[A] kitten, secured to the ground, watches and     shrieks in pain as a woman thrusts her high-heeled     shoe into its body, slams her heel into the kitten’s eye     socket and mouth loudly fracturing its skull, and     stomps repeatedly on the animal’s head. The kitten     hemorrhages blood, screams blindly in pain, and is ul     timately left dead in a moist pile of blood-soaked hair     and bone.” Brief for Humane Society of United States     as Amicus Curiae 2 (hereinafter Humane Society     Brief).    It is undisputed that the conduct depicted in crush videos may constitutionally be prohibited. All 50 States and the District of Columbia have enacted statutes prohib iting animal cruelty. See 533 F. 3d, at 223, and n. 4 (citing statutes); H. R. Rep., at 3. But before the enactment of §48, the underlying conduct depicted in crush videos was nearly impossible to prosecute. These videos, which “ often appeal to persons with a very specific sexual fetish,” id., at 2, were made in secret, generally without a live audience, and “the faces of the women inflicting the torture in the material often were not shown, nor could the location of the place where the cruelty was being inflicted or the date of the activity be ascertained from the depiction.” Id., at 3. Thus, law enforcement authorities often were not able to identify the parties responsible for the torture. See Pun ishing Depictions of Animal Cruelty and the Federal Prisoner Health Care Co-Payment Act of 1999: Hearing before the Subcommittee on Crime of the House Commit tee on the Judiciary, 106th Cong., 1st Sess., p. 1 (1999) (hereinafter Hearing on Depictions of Animal Cruelty). In the rare instances in which it was possible to identify and find the perpetrators, they “often were able to successfully assert as a defense that the State could not prove its jurisdiction over the place where the act occurred or that the actions depicted took place within the time specified in  12              UNITED STATES v. STEVENS                       ALITO, J., dissenting  the State statute of limitations.” H. R. Rep., at 3; see also 145 Cong. Rec. 25896 (Rep. Gallegly) (“[I]t is the prosecu tors from around this country, Federal prosecutors as well as State prosecutors, that have made an appeal to us for this”); Hearing on Depictions of Animal Cruelty 21 (“If the production of the video is not discovered during the actual filming, then prosecution for the offense is virtually im possible without a cooperative eyewitness to the filming or an undercover police operation”); id., at 34–35 (discussing example of case in which state prosecutor “had the defen dant telling us he produced these videos,” but where prosecution was not possible because the State could not prove where or when the tape was made).    In light of the practical problems thwarting the prosecu tion of the creators of crush videos under state animal cruelty laws, Congress concluded that the only effective way of stopping the underlying criminal conduct was to prohibit the commercial exploitation of the videos of that conduct. And Congress’ strategy appears to have been vindicated. We are told that “[b]y 2007, sponsors of §48 declared the crush video industry dead. Even overseas Websites shut down in the wake of §48. Now, after the Third Circuit’s decision [facially invalidating the statute], crush videos are already back online.” Humane Society Brief 5 (citations omitted).                                                              The First Amendment protects freedom of speech, but it most certainly does not protect violent criminal conduct, even if engaged in for expressive purposes. Crush videos present a highly unusual free speech issue because they are so closely linked with violent criminal conduct. The videos record the commission of violent criminal acts, and it appears that these crimes are committed for the sole purpose of creating the videos. In addition, as noted above, Congress was presented with compelling evidence                   Cite as: 559 U. S. ____ (2010)           13                       ALITO, J., dissenting  that the only way of preventing these crimes was to target the sale of the videos. Under these circumstances, I can not believe that the First Amendment commands Con gress to step aside and allow the underlying crimes to continue.    The most relevant of our prior decisions is Ferber, 458 U.S. 747, which concerned child pornography. The Court there held that child pornography is not protected speech, and I believe that Ferber’s reasoning dictates a similar conclusion here.    In Ferber, an important factor—I would say the most important factor—was that child pornography involves the commission of a crime that inflicts severe personal injury to the “children who are made to engage in sexual conduct for commercial purposes.’ ” Id., at 753 (internal quotation marks omitted). The Ferber Court repeatedly described the production of child pornography as child “abuse,” “molestation,” or “exploitation.” See, e.g., id., at 749 (“In recent years, the exploitive use of children in the produc tion of pornography has become a serious national prob lem”); id., at 758, n. 9 (“Sexual molestation by adults is often involved in the production of child sexual perform ances”). As later noted in Ashcroft v. Free Speech Coali tion, 535 U.S. 234, 249 (2002), in Ferber “[t]he production of the work, not its content, was the target of the statute.” See also 535 U.S., at 250 (Ferber involved “speech that itself is the record of sexual abuse”).    Second, Ferber emphasized the fact that these underly ing crimes could not be effectively combated without tar geting the distribution of child pornography. As the Court put it, “the distribution network for child pornography must be closed if the production of material which requires the sexual exploitation of children is to be effectively controlled.” 458 U. S., at 759. The Court added:     “[T]here is no serious contention that the legislature  14               UNITED STATES v. STEVENS                        ALITO, J., dissenting       was unjustified in believing that it is difficult, if not      impossible, to halt the exploitation of children by pur      suing only those who produce the photographs and      movies. . . . The most expeditious if not the only prac      tical method of law enforcement may be to dry up the      market for this material by imposing severe criminal      penalties on persons selling, advertising, or otherwise      promoting the product.” Id., at 759–760. See also id., at 761 (“The advertising and selling of child pornography provide an economic motive for and are thus an integral part of the production of such materials”).    Third, the Ferber Court noted that the value of child pornography “is exceedingly modest, if not de minimis,” and that any such value was “overwhelmingly out weigh[ed]” by “the evil to be restricted.” Id., at 762–763.    All three of these characteristics are shared by §48, as applied to crush videos. First, the conduct depicted in crush videos is criminal in every State and the District of Columbia. Thus, any crush video made in this country records the actual commission of a criminal act that in flicts severe physical injury and excruciating pain and ultimately results in death. Those who record the under lying criminal acts are likely to be criminally culpable, either as aiders and abettors or conspirators. And in the tight and secretive market for these videos, some who sell the videos or possess them with the intent to make a profit may be similarly culpable. (For example, in some cases, crush videos were commissioned by purchasers who speci fied the details of the acts that they wanted to see per formed. See H. R. Rep., at 3; Hearing on Depictions of Animal Cruelty 27). To the extent that §48 reaches such persons, it surely does not violate the First Amendment.    Second, the criminal acts shown in crush videos cannot be prevented without targeting the conduct prohibited by §48—the creation, sale, and possession for sale of depic                   Cite as: 559 U. S. ____ (2010)          15                       ALITO, J., dissenting  tions of animal torture with the intention of realizing a commercial profit. The evidence presented to Congress posed a stark choice: Either ban the commercial exploita tion of crush videos or tolerate a continuation of the crimi nal acts that they record. Faced with this evidence, Con gress reasonably chose to target the lucrative crush video market.    Finally, the harm caused by the underlying crimes vastly outweighs any minimal value that the depictions might conceivably be thought to possess. Section 48 reaches only the actual recording of acts of animal torture; the statute does not apply to verbal descriptions or to simulations. And, unlike the child pornography statute in Ferber or its federal counterpart, 18 U. S. C. §2252, §48(b) provides an exception for depictions having any “serious religious, political, scientific, educational, journalistic, historical, or artistic value.”    It must be acknowledged that §48 differs from a child pornography law in an important respect: preventing the abuse of children is certainly much more important than preventing the torture of the animals used in crush videos. It was largely for this reason that the Court of Appeals concluded that Ferber did not support the constitutionality of §48. 533 F. 3d, at 228 (“Preventing cruelty to animals, although an exceedingly worthy goal, simply does not implicate interests of the same magnitude as protecting children from physical and psychological harm”). But while protecting children is unquestionably more impor tant than protecting animals, the Government also has a compelling interest in preventing the torture depicted in crush videos.    The animals used in crush videos are living creatures that experience excruciating pain. Our society has long banned such cruelty, which is illegal throughout the coun try. In Ferber, the Court noted that “virtually all of the States and the United States have passed legislation  16                  UNITED STATES v. STEVENS                            ALITO, J., dissenting  proscribing the production of or otherwise combating ‘child pornography,’ ” and the Court declined to “second-guess [that] legislative judgment.”6 458 U. S., at 758. Here, likewise, the Court of Appeals erred in second-guessing the legislative judgment about the importance of prevent ing cruelty to animals.    Section 48’s ban on trafficking in crush videos also helps to enforce the criminal laws and to ensure that criminals do not profit from their crimes. See 145 Cong. Rec. 25897 (Oct. 19, 1999) (Rep. Gallegly) (“The state has an interest in enforcing its existing laws. Right now, the laws are not only being violated, but people are making huge profits from promoting the violations”); id., at 10685 (May 24, 1999) (Rep. Gallegly) (explaining that he introduced the House version of the bill because “criminals should not profit from [their] illegal acts”). We have already judged that taking the profit out of crime is a compelling interest. See Simon & Schuster, Inc. v. Members of N. Y. State Crime Victims Bd., 502 U.S. 105, 119 (1991).    In short, Ferber is the case that sheds the most light on the constitutionality of Congress’ effort to halt the produc tion of crush videos. Applying the principles set forth in Ferber, I would hold that crush videos are not protected by the First Amendment.
                               B      Application of the Ferber framework also supports the ——————    6 In other cases, we have regarded evidence of a national consensus as  proof that a particular government interest is compelling. See Simon & Schuster, Inc. v. Members of N. Y. State Crime Victims Bd., 502 U.S. 105, 118 (1991) (State’s compelling interest “in ensuring that victims of crime are compensated by those who harm them” evidenced by fact that “[e]very State has a body of tort law serving exactly this interest”); Roberts v. United States Jaycees, 468 U.S. 609, 624–625 (1984) (citing state laws prohibiting discrimination in public accommodations as evidence of the compelling governmental interest in ensuring equal access).
                  Cite as: 559 U. S. ____ (2010)           17                       ALITO, J., dissenting  constitutionality of §48 as applied to depictions of brutal animal fights. (For convenience, I will focus on videos of dogfights, which appear to be the most common type of animal fight videos.)    First, such depictions, like crush videos, record the actual commission of a crime involving deadly violence. Dogfights are illegal in every State and the District of Columbia, Brief for United States 26–27, and n. 8 (citing statutes), and under federal law constitute a felony pun ishable by imprisonment for up to five years, 7 U. S. C. §2156 et seq. (2006 ed. and Supp. II), 18 U. S. C. §49 (2006 ed., Supp. II).    Second, Congress had an ample basis for concluding that the crimes depicted in these videos cannot be effec tively controlled without targeting the videos. Like crush videos and child pornography, dogfight videos are very often produced as part of a “low-profile, clandestine indus try,” and “the need to market the resulting products re quires a visible apparatus of distribution.” Ferber, 458 U. S., at 760. In such circumstances, Congress had rea sonable grounds for concluding that it would be “difficult, if not impossible, to halt” the underlying exploitation of dogs by pursuing only those who stage the fights. Id., at 759–760; see 533 F. 3d, at 246 (Cowen, J., dissenting) (citing evidence establishing “the existence of a lucrative market for depictions of animal cruelty,” including videos of dogfights, “which in turn provides a powerful incentive to individuals to create [such] videos”).    The commercial trade in videos of dogfights is “an inte gral part of the production of such materials,” Ferber, supra, at 761.       As the Humane Society explains, “[v]ideotapes memorializing dogfights are integral to the success of this criminal industry” for a variety of reasons. Humane Society Brief 5. For one thing, some dogfighting videos are made “solely for the purpose of selling the video (and not for a live audience).” Id., at 9. In addition, those  18               UNITED STATES v. STEVENS                        ALITO, J., dissenting  who stage dogfights profit not just from the sale of the videos themselves, but from the gambling revenue they take in from the fights; the videos “encourage [such] gam bling activity because they allow those reluctant to attend actual fights for fear of prosecution to still bet on the outcome.” Ibid.; accord, Brief for Center on the Admini stration of Criminal Law as Amicus Curiae 12 (“Selling videos of dogfights effectively abets the underlying crimes by providing a market for dogfighting while allowing actual dogfights to remain underground”); ibid. (“These videos are part of a ‘lucrative market’ where videos are produced by a ‘bare-boned, clandestine staff’ in order to permit the actual location of dogfights and the perpetra tors of these underlying criminal activities to go unde tected” (citations omitted)). Moreover, “[v]ideo documen tation is vital to the criminal enterprise because it provides proof of a dog’s fighting prowess—proof de manded by potential buyers and critical to the under ground market.” Humane Society Brief 9. Such re cordings may also serve as “ ‘training’ videos for other fight organizers.” Ibid. In short, because videos depicting live dogfights are essential to the success of the criminal dog fighting subculture, the commercial sale of such videos helps to fuel the market for, and thus to perpetuate the perpetration of, the criminal conduct depicted in them.    Third, depictions of dogfights that fall within §48’s reach have by definition no appreciable social value. As noted, §48(b) exempts depictions having any appreciable social value, and thus the mere inclusion of a depiction of a live fight in a larger work that aims at communicating an idea or a message with a modicum of social value would not run afoul of the statute.    Finally, the harm caused by the underlying criminal acts greatly outweighs any trifling value that the depic tions might be thought to possess. As the Humane Society explains:
                   Cite as: 559 U. S. ____ (2010)           19                        ALITO, J., dissenting      “The abused dogs used in fights endure physical tor     ture and emotional manipulation throughout their     lives to predispose them to violence; common tactics     include feeding the animals hot peppers and gunpow     der, prodding them with sticks, and electrocution.     Dogs are conditioned never to give up a fight, even if     they will be gravely hurt or killed. As a result, dog     fights inflict horrific injuries on the participating     animals, including lacerations, ripped ears, puncture     wounds and broken bones. Losing dogs are routinely     refused treatment, beaten further as ‘punishment’ for     the loss, and executed by drowning, hanging, or incin     eration.” Id., at 5–6 (footnotes omitted).    For these dogs, unlike the animals killed in crush vid eos, the suffering lasts for years rather than minutes. As with crush videos, moreover, the statutory ban on com merce in dogfighting videos is also supported by compel ling governmental interests in effectively enforcing the Nation’s criminal laws and preventing criminals from profiting from their illegal activities. See Ferber, supra, at 757–758; Simon & Schuster, 502 U. S., at 119.    In sum, §48 may validly be applied to at least two broad real-world categories of expression covered by the statute: crush videos and dogfighting videos. Thus, the statute has a substantial core of constitutionally permissible applica tions. Moreover, for the reasons set forth above, the re cord does not show that §48, properly interpreted, bans a substantial amount of protected speech in absolute terms. A fortiori, respondent has not met his burden of demon strating that any impermissible applications of the statute are “substantial” in relation to its “plainly legitimate sweep.” Williams, 553 U. S., at 292. Accordingly, I would reject respondent’s claim that §48 is facially unconstitu tional under the overbreadth doctrine.  20                 UNITED STATES v. STEVENS                          ALITO, J., dissenting 
                           *    *     *      For these reasons, I respectfully dissent.
                  Cite as: 559 U. S. ____ (2010)                 21 
                Appendix to J., dissenting , J.
                    ALITO, opinion of ALITO  
                        APPENDIX   As the following chart makes clear, virtually all state laws prohibiting animal cruelty either expressly define the term “animal” to exclude wildlife or else specifically exempt lawful hunting activities.  Alaska        Alaska Stat. §11.61.140(c)(4) (2008) (“It is a               defense to a prosecution under this section that               the conduct of the defendant . . . was necessarily               incidental to lawful fishing, hunting or trapping               activities”) Arizona       Ariz. Rev. Stat. Ann. §§13–2910(C)(1), (3) (West               Supp. 2009) (“This section does not prohibit or               restrict . . . [t]he taking of wildlife or other               activities permitted by or pursuant to title 17               . . . [or] [a]ctivities regulated by the Arizona               game and fish department or the Arizona de               partment of agriculture”) Arkansas      Ark. Code Ann. §5–62–105(a) (Supp. 2009)               (“This subchapter does not prohibit any of the               following activities: . . . (9) Engaging in the               taking of game or fish through hunting, trap               ping, or fishing, or engaging in any other activ               ity authorized by Arkansas Constitution,               Amendment 35, by §15–41–101 et seq., or by               any Arkansas State Game and Fish Commission               regulation promulgated under either Arkansas               Constitution, Amendment 35, or statute”) California    Cal. Penal Code Ann. §599c (West 1999) (“No               part of this title shall be construed as interfer               ing with any of the laws of this state known as               the ‘game laws,’ . . . or to interfere with the right               to kill all animals used for food”) Colorado      Colo. Rev. Stat. Ann. §18–9–201.5(2) (2009) (“In               case of any conflict between this part 2 [prohib               iting cruelty to animals] or section 35–43–126,               [Colo. Rev. Stat.], and the wildlife statutes of  22             UNITED STATES v. STEVENS 
               Appendix to J., dissenting , J.
                   ALITO, opinion of ALITO                the state, said wildlife statutes shall control”),               §18–9–202(3) (“Nothing in this part 2 shall be               construed to amend or in any manner change               the authority of the wildlife commission, as               established in title 33, [Colo. Rev. Stat.], or to               prohibit any conduct therein authorized or               permitted”) Connecticut   Conn. Gen. Stat. §53–247(b) (2009) (“Any person               who maliciously and intentionally maims,               mutilates, tortures, wounds or kills an animal               shall be fined not more than five thousand               dollars or imprisoned not more than five years               or both. The provisions of this subsection shall               not apply to . . . any person . . . while lawfully               engaged in the taking of wildlife”) Delaware      Del. Code Ann., Tit. 11, §1325(f) (2007) (“This               section shall not apply to the lawful hunting or               trapping of animals as provided by law”) Florida       Fla. Stat. §828.122(9)(b) (2007) (“This section               shall not apply to . . . [a]ny person using animals               to pursue or take wildlife or to participate in any               hunting regulated or subject to being regulated               by the rules and regulations of the Fish and               Wildlife Conservation Commission”) Georgia       Ga. Code Ann. §16–12–4(e) (2007) (“The provi               sions of this Code section shall not be construed               as prohibiting conduct which is otherwise per               mitted under the laws of this state or of the               United States, including, but not limited to . . .               hunting, trapping, fishing, [or] wildlife man               agement”) Hawaii        Haw. Rev. Stat. §711–1108.5(1) (2008 Cum.
              Supp.) (“A person commits the offense of cruelty               to animals in the first degree if the person               intentionally or knowingly tortures, mutilates,               or poisons or causes the torture, mutilation, or               poisoning of any pet animal or equine animal               resulting in serious bodily injury or death of the               pet animal or equine animal”)               Cite as: 559 U. S. ____ (2010)                  23 
            Appendix to J., dissenting , J.
                ALITO, opinion of ALITO  Idaho      Idaho Code §25–3515 (Lexis 2000) (“No part of            this chapter shall be construed as interfering            with, negating or preempting any of the laws or            rules of the department of fish and game of this            state . . . or to interfere with the right to kill,            slaughter, bag or take all animals used for food”) Illinois   Ill. Comp. Stat., ch. 510, §70/13 (West 2006) (“In            case of any alleged conflict between this Act . . .            and the ‘Wildlife Code of Illinois’ or ‘An Act to            define and require the use of humane methods            in the handling, preparation for slaughter, and            slaughter of livestock for meat or meat products            to be offered for sale’, . . . the provisions of those            Acts shall prevail”), §70/3.03(b)(1) (“For the            purposes of this Section, ‘animal torture’ does            not include any death, harm, or injury caused to            any animal by . . . any hunting, fishing, trap            ping, or other activity allowed under the Wild            life Code, the Wildlife Habitat Management            Areas Act, or the Fish and Aquatic Life Code”            (footnotes omitted)) Indiana    Ind. Code §35–46–3–5(a) (West 2004) (subject to            certain exceptions not relevant here, “this            chapter [prohibiting “Offenses Relating to            Animals”] does not apply to . . . [f]ishing, hunt            ing, trapping, or other conduct authorized under            [Ind. Code §]14–22”) Iowa       Iowa Code §717B.2(5) (2009) (“This section            [banning “animal abuse”] shall not apply to . . .            [a] person taking, hunting, trapping, or fishing            for a wild animal as provided in chapter 481A”),            §717B.3A(2)(e) (“This section [banning “animal            torture”] shall not apply to . . . [a] person taking,            hunting, trapping, or fishing for a wild animal            as provided in chapter 481A”) Kansas     Kan. Stat. Ann. §21–4310(b)(3) (2007) (“The            provisions of this section shall not apply to . . .            killing, attempting to kill, trapping, catching or            taking of any animal in accordance with the  24           UNITED STATES v. STEVENS 
             Appendix to J., dissenting , J.
                 ALITO, opinion of ALITO              provisions of chapter 32 [Wildlife, Parks and             Recreation] or chapter 47 [Livestock and Do             mestic Animals] of the Kansas Statutes Anno             tated”) Kentucky    Ky. Rev. Stat. Ann. §§525.130(2)(a), (e) (Lexis             2008) (“Nothing in this section shall apply to the             killing of animals . . . [p]ursuant to a license to             hunt, fish, or trap . . . [or] [f]or purposes relating             to sporting activities”), §525.130(3) (“Activities             of animals engaged in hunting, field trials, dog             training other than training a dog to fight for             pleasure or profit, and other activities author             ized either by a hunting license or by the De             partment of Fish and Wildlife shall not consti             tute a violation of this section”) Louisiana   La. Rev. Stat. Ann. §14:102.1(C)(1) (West Supp.             2010) (“This Section shall not apply to . . . [t]he             lawful hunting or trapping of wildlife as pro             vided by law”) Maine       Me. Rev. Stat. Ann., Tit. 17, §1031(1)(G) (West             Supp. 2009) (providing that hunting and trap             ping an animal is not a form of prohibited             animal cruelty if “permitted pursuant to” parts             of state code regulating the shooting of large             game, inland fisheries, and wildlife) Maryland    Md. Crim. Law Code Ann. §10–603(3) (Lexis             2002) (“Sections 10–601 through 10–608 of this             subtitle do not apply to . . . an activity that may             cause unavoidable physical pain to an animal,             including . . . hunting, if the person performing             the activity uses the most humane method             reasonably available”) Michigan    Mich. Comp. Laws Ann. §§750.50(11)(a), (b)             (West Supp. 2009) (“This section does not pro             hibit the lawful killing or other use of an ani             mal, including . . . [f]ishing . . . [h]unting, [or]             trapping [as regulated by state law]”),             §750.50b(9)(a), (b) (“This section does not pro             hibit the lawful killing or other use of an ani                 Cite as: 559 U. S. ____ (2010)                  25 
              Appendix to J., dissenting , J.
                  ALITO, opinion of ALITO               mal, including . . . [f]ishing . . . [h]unting, [or]              trapping [as regulated by state law]”) Missouri     Mo. Rev. Stat. §578.007(3) (2000) (“The provi              sions of sections 578.005 to 578.023 shall not              apply to . . . [h]unting, fishing, or trapping as              allowed by” state law) Montana      Mont. Code Ann. §45–8–211(4)(d) (2009) (“This              section does not prohibit . . . lawful fishing,              hunting, and trapping activities”) Nebraska     Neb. Rev. Stat. §28–1013(4) (2008) (exempting              “[c]ommonly accepted practices of hunting,              fishing, or trapping”) Nevada       Nev. Rev. Stat. §§574.200(1), (3) (2007) (provi              sions of Nevada law banning animal cruelty “do              not . . . [i]nterfere with any of the fish and game              laws . . . [or] the right to kill all animals and              fowl used for food”) New          N. H. Rev. Stat. Ann. §644:8(II) (West Supp. Hampshire    2009) (“In this section, ‘animal’ means a domes              tic animal, a household pet or a wild animal in              captivity”) New Jersey   N. J. Stat. Ann. §4:22–16(c) (West 1998) (“Noth              ing contained in this article shall be construed              to prohibit or interfere with . . . [t]he shooting or              taking of game or game fish in such manner and              at such times as is allowed or provided by the              laws of this State”) New Mexico   N. M. Stat. Ann. §30–18–1(I)(1) (Supp. 2009)              (“The provisions of this section do not apply to              . . . fishing, hunting, falconry, taking and trap              ping”) New York     N. Y. Agric. & Mkts. Law Ann. §353–a(2) (West              2004) (“Nothing contained in this section shall              be construed to prohibit or interfere in any way              with anyone lawfully engaged in hunting, trap              ping, or fishing”) North        N. C. Gen. Stat. Ann. §14–360(c)(1) (Lexis 2009) Carolina     (“[T]his section shall not apply to . . . [t]he              lawful taking of animals under the jurisdiction  26              UNITED STATES v. STEVENS 
                Appendix to J., dissenting , J.
                    ALITO, opinion of ALITO                 and regulation of the Wildlife Resources Com                mission . . .”) North Dakota   N. D. Cent. Code Ann. §36–21.1–01(5)(a) (Lexis                Supp. 2009) (“ ‘Cruelty’ or ‘torture’ . . . does not                include . . . [a]ny activity that requires a license                or permit under chapter 20.1–03 [which governs                gaming and other licenses]”) Oregon         Ore. Rev. Stat. §167.335 (2007) (“Unless gross                negligence can be shown, the provisions of                [certain statutes prohibiting animal cruelty] do                not apply to . . . (7) [l]awful fishing, hunting and                trapping activities”) Pennsylvania   18 Pa. Cons. Stat. §5511(a)(3)(ii) (2008) (“This                subsection [banning killing, maiming, or poison                ing of domestic animals or zoo animals] shall not                apply to . . . the killing of any animal or fowl                pursuant to . . . The Game Law”), §5511(c)(1) (“A                person commits an offense if he wantonly or                cruelly illtreats, overloads, beats, otherwise                abuses any animal, or neglects any animal as to                which he has a duty of care”) Rhode Island   R. I. Gen. Laws §4–1–3(a) (Lexis 1998) (prohibit                ing “[e]very owner, possessor, or person having                the charge or custody of any animal” from                engaging in certain acts of unnecessary cruelty),                §§4–1–5(a), (b) (prohibiting only “[m]alicious”                injury to or killing of animals and further pro                viding that “[t]his section shall not apply to                licensed hunters during hunting season or a                licensed business killing animals for human                consumption”) South          S. C. Code Ann. §47–1–40(C) (Supp. 2009) (“This Carolina       section does not apply to . . . activity authorized                by Title 50 [consisting of laws on Fish, Game,                and Watercraft]”) South Dakota   S. D. Codified Laws §40–1–17 (2004) (“The acts                and conduct of persons who are lawfully en                gaged in any of the activities authorized by Title                41 [Game, Fish, Parks and Forestry] . . . and                Cite as: 559 U. S. ____ (2010)                 27 
             Appendix to J., dissenting , J.
                 ALITO, opinion of ALITO              persons who properly kill any animal used for             food and sport hunting, trapping, and fishing as             authorized by the South Dakota Department of             Game, Fish and Parks, are exempt from the             provisions of this chapter”) Tennessee   Tenn. Code Ann. §39–14–201(1) (2010 Supp.)
            (“ ‘Animal’ means a domesticated living creature             or a wild creature previously captured”), §39–             14–201(4) (“[N]othing in this part shall be             construed as prohibiting the shooting of birds or             game for the purpose of human food or the use             of animate targets by incorporated gun clubs”) Texas       Tex. Penal Code Ann. §42.092(a)(2) (West Supp.             2009) (“ ‘Animal’ means a domesticated living             creature, including any stray or feral cat or dog,             and a wild living creature previously captured.
            The term does not include an uncaptured wild             living creature or a livestock animal”),             §42.092(f)(1)(A) (“It is an exception to the appli             cation of this section that the conduct engaged             in by the actor is a generally accepted and             otherwise lawful . . . form of conduct occurring             solely for the purpose of or in support of . . .             fishing, hunting, or trapping”) Utah        Utah Code Ann. §76–9–301(1)(b)(ii)(D) (Lexis             2008) (“ ‘Animal’ does not include . . . wildlife, as             defined in Section 23–13–2, including protected             and unprotected wildlife, if the conduct toward             the wildlife is in accordance with lawful hunt             ing, fishing, or trapping practices or other lawful             practices”), §76–9–301(9)(C) (“This section does             not affect or prohibit . . . the lawful hunting of,             fishing for, or trapping of, wildlife”) Vermont     Vt. Stat. Ann., Tit. 13, §351b(1) (2009) (“This             subchapter shall not apply to . . . activities             regulated by the department of fish and wildlife             pursuant to Part 4 of Title 10”) Virginia    Va. Code Ann. §3.2–6570D (Lexis 2008) (“This             section shall not prohibit authorized wildlife  28               UNITED STATES v. STEVENS 
                 Appendix to J., dissenting , J.
                     ALITO, opinion of ALITO 
                management activities or hunting, fishing or
                trapping [as regulated by state law]”) Washington      Wash. Rev. Code §16.52.180 (2008) (“No part of
                this chapter shall be deemed to interfere with
                any of the laws of this state known as the ‘game
                laws’ . . . or to interfere with the right to kill
                animals to be used for food”) West Virginia   W. Va. Code Ann. §61–8–19(f) (Lexis Supp.
                2009) (“The provisions of this section do not
                apply to lawful acts of hunting, fishing, [or]
                trapping”) Wisconsin       Wis. Stat. §951.015(1) (2007–2008) (“This chap
                ter may not be interpreted as controverting any
                law regulating wild animals that are subject to
                regulation under ch. 169 [regulating, among
                other things, hunting], [or] the taking of wild
                animals”) Wyoming         Wyo. Stat. Ann. §6–3–203(m)(iv) (2009) (“Noth
                ing in subsection (a), (b) or (n) of this section
                shall be construed to prohibit . . . [t]he hunting,
                capture or destruction of any predatory animal
                or other wildlife in any manner not otherwise
                prohibited by law”)  e># 10

1 U.S. 165 (1786)
1 Dall. 165
SLIVER, Plaintiff in Err. 
versus 
SHELBACK.
Supreme Court of United States.

Levy, for the plaintiff in error.
Lewis, for the defendant in error.
*166 The CHIEF JUSTICE delivered the opinion of the Court, in substance as follows:
M`KEAN, Chief Justice.
At the common law there could be no appearance in any suit, real, personal, or mixed, whether as plaintiff or defendant, but in proper person; except where the King, by virtue of his prerogative, granted his writ for an Attorney; and where an infant appeared to defend a suit by his guardian. The statute of W. 2. c. 15. declares that if an infant is eloined, so that he cannot sue personally, his next friend shall be admitted to sue for him; and 6. 10. of the same statute, enables all persons of full age to sue and defend suits by attorney.
But the appearance of an infant to a suit brought against him, is not a judicial act. The appointment of a guardian to defend the suit; and the taking his examination when a fine is to be levied, a recovery to be suffered, or a statute staple &c. to be acknowledged, are judicial acts. Most clearly, however, the appearance in this case is error.
The authorities cited by the council for the defendant in error, to shew, that after his full age, the party cannot take advantage of his previous infancy, appear to be restricted to real actions, and to fines and recoveries, which are, in their operation, mere modes of assurance. But we are likewise, clearly of opinion, that, in other cases, a judgment against an infant may be reversed after full age, and that the fact must be tried per pais and not by inspection. Moore 460. Hardwick's cases 104, Hetly 65.
Let the judgment below be reversed.
# 11

2 U.S. 19 (____)
2 Dall. 19
MILLER, Libellant and Appellant, 
versus 
The Ship RESOLUTION, &c. 
The SAME, 
versus 
The Cargo of the Ship RESOLUTION, &c.
Supreme Court of United States.

*20 BY THE COURT: — As the original decree has not been carried into execution, we think it proper, under the peculiar circumstances of the present case, to allow a re-hearing. But this is not to be drawn into precedent; nor is any point previously determined, to be brought again into litigation, unless the state of the facts respecting it shall be altered by the new evidence.
The causes were, accordingly, argued for several successive days; and on the 24th of January 1782, the following revisionary decree (altering the suspended decree only as to a part of the cargo) was delivered by WILLIAM PACA, and CYRUS GRIFFIN, the presiding Commissioners.
BY THE COURT. We have considered the new evidence *21 which has been laid before us, and we have also considered the observations and arguments, which the Counsel upon both sides have made upon it.
On the first argument we were of opinion, that the ship ought to be considered in the predicament of neutral property, and entitled to all the rights and privileges of neutrality, which the Ordinance of Congress ascertained and conferred; we took up this idea from a construction of the articles of capitulation and the British proclamation, which issued immediately on the rupture between Great Britain and the States General, and which protected the ship Resolution for a limited time from British capture on her passage from Dominica to Amsterdam: We conceived, that the neutrality of the States General, with regard to the ship, abstractedly considered, was not broken by the rupture; the proclamation having controuled the extent of the war, by its exemption of the ship from being a subject of hostility and capture.
Such was our opinion on the first argument: But on consideration of the last argument, we are of a different opinion.
The writers upon the law of nations, speaking of the different kinds of war, distinguish them into perfect and imperfect: A perfect war is that which destroys the national peace and tranquility, and lays the foundation of every possible act of hostility: The imperfect war is that which does not entirely destroy the public tranquility, but interrupts it only in some particulars, as in the case of reprisals.
Before Great Britain commenced war with the States General, the States were a neutral nation with regard to the war between Great Britain, France, Spain and America: They had taken no part in the war, and were a common friend to all. This is precisely the legal idea of a neutral nation: It implies two nations at war, and a third in friendship with both. The war which Great Britain commenced with the States General was a perfect war: It destroyed the national peace of the States General, and with it the neutrality of the nation. The States became a party in the general war against Britain: They were no longer a common friend to the belligerent powers; and therefore they ceased to be a neutral nation.
War having thus destroyed the neutrality of the States General, they can never resume the character of a neutral until they are in circumstances to resume the character of a common friend to Great Britain, France, Spain and America: But this character is not to be acquired while war subsists between them and Great-Britain. Only a peace, therefore, between Britain and the States, can put the States in a capacity to resume their original character of neutrality. But there can be no peace without the concurrence of both nations: The British could not therefore, by *22 the mere authority of their proclamation, restore back to the Ship Resolution her original neutrality. The Proclamation could only operate as a protection of the Ship from British capture.
We, therefore, lay out of question the ordinance of Congress with regard to the rights of neutrality; this case is not within it. But the Ship Resolution is captured and both Ship and Cargo are libelled as prize. A question is made; on whom lies the onus probandi? We think on the captors. There can be no condemnation without proof that the Ship or Cargo is prize; and it cannot be expected, that the persons who contest the capture will produce that proof.
Every capture is at the peril of the party. A privateer is not authorized to capture every vessel found on the high sea: She is commissioned to capture only such ships as are the property of the enemy. Every ship indeed may, in time of war, be brought to and examined; but she is not to be seized and captured, without the captors have just grounds to think she is the property of an enemy, and not the property of subjects of a nation in peace and friendship, or neutrality. If such seizure and capture are made without just grounds, the party injured is entitled to have an action for damages: And it is the policy of all nations at war to oblige the captains of privateers to give bond and security, to enforce a proper conduct while at sea, and to prevent seizures and captures from being wantonly made.
The sea is open to all nations: No nation has an exclusive property in the sea. Put the case then, that a privateer meets a ship at sea; is it to be inferred, from the mere circumstance of the ship's being found on the high seas, that she is the property of an enemy? Surely there is no ground for such an inference: On this ground a privateer might seize and capture the ships of its own nation. But the privateer attacks, seizes, captures and brings the ship into port: It is plain here is an act of violence; a seizure and capture. The captain therefore must do two things: At all events he must shew just grounds for the violence, or he will be punishable at law by an action of damages: and in the next place, before he can obtain condemnation, he must prove the ship to be the property of an enemy; for, it can never be enough for condemnation, that he found the ship at sea.
The captors say: "That in the present case they had not only just grounds for seizure; but they have also just grounds for condemnation: For both the ship and cargo were found in the possession of British subjects, and therefore British property."
It must be admitted that possession is presumptive evidence of property; because possession is a circumstance which generally accompanies property; and, therefore, the seizure and capture, in the present case, was a violence at all events justified *23 the law of nations, and for which no action would lie, even on acquittal of the Ship and Cargo. But the possession in this case is no ground for condemnation: For what is the nature of presumptive evidence? It only has the force of evidence whilst it remains uncontested. The possession is clearly accounted for: The ship came into the hands of the enemy by capture; and the prior possession was in the hands of Dutch subjects, and not British subjects. The presumption therefore relied on by the captors is defeated, and the argument founded on the possession is in favor of the claimants.
On the question of Prize or no Prize, what evidence does the law of nations admit for the determination of it?
The national interest of every commercial country requires, that some mode or criterion be adopted to ascertain the ship, cargo, destination, property and nation to which such ship belongs; not only as a security for a fair commerce according to law; but as a guard against fraud and imposition in the payment and collection of duties, imposts and commercial revenues. The peace also and tranquillity of nations equally require, that the like criterion should be adopted, to distinguish the ships of different countries found on the high seas in time of war; to prevent an indiscriminate exercise of acts of hostility, which may lay the foundation of general and universal war. Hence it is, that every commercial country has directed, by its laws, that its ships shall be furnished with a set of papers called Ship Papers: And this criterion the law of nations adopts, in time of war, to distinguish the property of different powers, when found at sea; not indeed as conclusive, but presumptive evidence only. Bills of lading, letters of correspondence, and all other papers on board, which relate to the ship or cargo, are also considered as primâ facie evidence of the facts they speak; because such papers naturally accompany such a mercantile transaction.
Such then is the evidence which the law of nations admits on a question of prize or no prize; and it is on this evidence that vessels with their cargoes are generally acquitted or condemned: And therefore, if in this case the papers on board affirm the ship and cargo to be such property as is not prize, there must be an acquittal, unless the captors are able, by a contrariety of evidence, to defeat the presumption which arises from the papers, and can shew just grounds for condemnation. On the other hand, if the papers affirm the ship and cargo to be the property of an enemy, there must be a condemnation, unless they who contest the capture can produce clear and unquestionable evidence to prove the contrary.
The papers on board, the manifest, clearance, bills of lading, the depositions annexed, the certificates of the Chief Justice of Dominica, the French Governor's passport, and the letters of correspondence *24 from the shippers, collectively taken, prove the Ship to be the property of Brantlight & Son, subjects of the States General, at the port of Amsterdam, and the cargo to be the property of British capitulants, residing or owning estates in the Island of Dominica, and entitled to the rights of commerce according to the capitulation on the conquest of that Island; except with regard to such parts of the cargo as were shipt by Morson, & Co. Morson, Vance, & Co. and Level, Morson, & Co.
It lies then on the captors to obviate the force of this evidence: It must be obviated, or an acquittal must be decreed, to the full extent of the evidence.
The papers have been taken up by the Counsel for the captors and separately and distinctly considered, and it is said they do not prove the facts to which they are adduced. It is true, separately considered, they do not; but collectively taken, we think they do, except in the instances we have mentioned.
Many objections have been made to obviate the force of this presumptive evidence: The objections go to the competency of many of the papers, and to the credibility of all. "The certificates of the Chief Justice, it is said, ought not to be admitted as legal and competent evidence; for the Chief Justice is a British Judge of the Island of Dominica, and an enemy."
We do not think the Chief Justice of that Island, reduced as it is by conquest, can with propriety be called a British Judge and an enemy. But whether he derives his commission originally from the Crown, and still holds it under the articles of capitulation, and so far is a British Judge, or not, he must certainly be subject to removal by the French government; and it highly derogates from the honor and dignity of the French Crown, and too deeply affects the zeal and loyalty of Governor Duchilot, to admit the supposition, that a man is suffered to fill so important an office, who publicly prostitutes his official character from a partiality to the British nation.
The Chief Justice gave his certificates officially and under the obligation of an oath: We must want charity indeed, if, under these circumstances, we were to say, that they have not even the force of presumptive evidence.
But the competency of this evidence, so far as it is adduced to prove the owners of shippers of the cargo British capitulants, is objected to, on another ground. It is said; "These certificates are not the best evidence the nature of the case will admit, and which the party has in his power to produce: An attested copy of the articles of capitulation, and the names subscribed, ought to have been produced."
This principle of evidence applies forcibly against the captors, but does not affect the claimants. The articles of capitulation bind Great Britain, France and America. It is a solemn compact *25 or treaty. All the parties to it, the citizens of each nation, are morally bound by it: And it is not only admitted, but contended for, by the counsel for the captors, that even neutral nations are under a moral obligation to regard it; and that it is upon this principle the law of nations takes cognizance of and determines upon it.
The papers on board shew a fair commerce, and affirm the cargo to be the property of capitulants, except in the instances mentioned. If they are not capitulants, and yet British subjects, they have violated the capitulation, engaged in a fraudulent and illicit commerce, and are chargeable with a breach of moral obligation. The claimants stand upon two grounds of presumption: first, the presumption which arises from the papers; and then the presumption that no man would do that which he is morally bound not to do. The claimants cannot be affected while these presumptions remain uncontested. How are they to be contested? By what evidence? Certainly the best evidence that the nature of the case will admit, and which the captors have in their power to produce. And if an attested copy of the articles, and of the names subscribed is the best evidence to prove who are capitulants, it is the best to prove who are not capitulants; and, therefore, the captors ought, on their own principles, to produce it; they having it as much in their power to produce such copy as the claimants.
But it is said, "the ship's papers are defective; the register "is not produced; it is withheld, and gives a ground of suspicion."
We have no doubt, a register was on board at the time of the capture: But we do not think there is any ground for suspicion under the circumstances of the case.
The Resolution was captured by a British privateer. The British captain took possession of the ship's papers, and captain Weterburgh, the captain of the Resolution, was made prisoner. Afterwards the Resolution was captured by the American privateer, and the American captain took possession of such papers, as the British captain had suffered to remain on board the Resolution. Captain Waterburgh was not brought into port with his ship.
It was the interest of both the British and American captains to withhold the register, if it proved the ship to be the property of subjects of the States General; and neither the British captain nor the American captain have made oath, that the papers produced to the Court are all the papers, which were found on board, and came respectively to their hands and possession.
But it is said, "no credit or faith is to be given to those papers, "because replete with contradiction and absurdity. The *26 "Manifest, it is said, contradicts the Bills of Lading: "The Manifest purports the property of the cargo to be in the "persons named therein as the shippers, and the Bills of Lading "shew, in many instances, that the property is in others."
The Manifest exhibits a column under the description of shippers; and it also exhibits a column under the description of marks, and other columns for the cargo.
The Bills of Lading correspond with the column of marks; and the persons described as shippers in the Manifest, are ascertained by the Bills of Lading to be persons, who acted principally as attorneys, managers, or agents, for those who are mentioned in the Bills to own the property for which the Bills are taken; the property in the Bills being in the general produce of such owners' estates in Dominica. There is therefore no contradiction between the Manifest and Bills of Lading; for, the term shippers does not imply the property to be in such shippers; the term as properly applies to a factor, or attorney, or agent, as to the owner.
"But, it is said, Governor Duchilot was imposed upon; that "he refers in his Passport and Certificate, which is endorsed on the "Manifest, to the 17th article of the capitulation; that the "17th article speaks of such merchants as have goods or merchandize; "and that therefore the Governor must have been informed "that the shippers were the owners of the cargo."
It is true the 17th article says, the merchants may fell their merchandize, and carry on their trade, and the term their implies the property to be in them: But the term their may also apply to the property which a factor, agent or attorney has the possession, management and shipment of, for others; for, although they have not the general, yet they have the special, property.
"But, it is said, the shippers dared not to avow the names of the persons mentioned in the Bills of Lading, from a consciousness that they were not capitulants, and that the Governor would have refused them a License, Passport and Certificate."
If the shippers felt such a consciousness, why avow the names of such in the Bills of Lading? It was not only necessary to take measures to prevent discovery on the Island, but also to guard against detention on a capture at sea. Why was the Governor's Passport and Certificate obtained? Was it not to protect the ship and cargo from capture? But if the Manifest, Passport and Certificate had no reference to the Bills of Lading, but were contradictory and inconsistent, and the persons avowed by the Bills of Lading to be the owners of the property were not capitulants, is it not a novelty in the game of fraud, to furnish a ship with such papers as proclaimed a contradiction to the Manifest, *27 Passport and Certificate, announced the criminality of the commerce, and exposed both ship and cargo to capture and confiscation?
Prudence required, and very probably it was enjoined by the Government, that before a ship should be suffered to clear out, and proceed on her voyage, proofs should be made and taken with her, not only that the shippers of the cargo were capitulants, but also, that the owners of the cargo were capitulants. It appears in this case, that above three fourths of this cargo, were shipped by agents, and attornies and factors. The Governor certifies the shippers to be capitulants. The chief Justice certifies the owners to be capitulants, and where his certificates are deficient, the depositions prove it. All this may be done, in conformity to the law, usage and practice of the Island.
But another contradiction is objected: It is said, "the Bills of Lading contradict the other Papers, which import the property of the ship to be in Brantlight & Son; for the Bills consign the cargo to Brantlight & Son; and therefore it is contended, the property of the ship could not be in Brantlight & Son; because it is observed to direct a man to pay freight to himself." The Bills of Lading are not chargeable with any such absurdity. The freight is not directed to be paid to Brantlight & Son; the freight is to be paid to the captain; he is responsible for the wages of his crew, and other debts, contracted on account of the ship. Freight is answerable for all such claims, and the captain is entitled to receive it, to indemnify himself: He may, therefore, refuse to deliver the cargo, till the freight is paid. And by this means, in case of the bankruptcy of his owners, he is sure of an indemnification, to the extent of the freight.
But still another contradiction is objected: It is said, "that both the Bills of Lading, and the oath of Morson, on the back of the Manifest, contradict the assertion of the other papers, that the ship is the property of Brantlight & Son: for, they prove the consignment of ship to Brantlight & Son; and therefore, it is contended, the property could not be in them, because it is absurd to consign a ship to the owners." We do not see any such absurdity. Consignment is a mercantile phrase, adopted to distinguish the person, to whose care a ship is addressed, and, when applied to the owners, it is merely in conformity to forms. It is the common usage and practice of merchants to apply the phrase, indiscriminately, to owners, and others.
"But, it is said, the papers found on board the Resolution, do not sufficiently prove the ship to be the property of Brantlight & Son, when she arrived at St. Eustatius, from Amsterdam, early in 1780." It is proved, by the oath of Morson, and captain Waterburgh, endorsed on the back of the Manifest, that this property *28 was subsisting, if not at the time of the deposition, yet, at least, on the arrival of the ship at Dominica, October, 1780. And Morson, & Company's letter, to Brantlight & Son, dated 6th March, 1781, after the rupture with Holland, and shortly before the ship left Dominica, and which was found on board, proves the property to be then subsisting: for, in the close of the letter, they say, "captain Waterburgh has drawn on you, in our favour, for disbursement, £191: 15s;" which disbursement plainly refers to disbursements of the ship, which Brantlight & Son could not be chargeable with, if they had parted with the property, and were no longer owners.
No evidence at all is produced to shew a change of property, or transfer of the ship. And, therefore, the fact being admitted, that she was the property of Brantlight & Son, on her arrival at St. Eustatia, in 1780, and the property being proved to be subsisting in October, 1780, and proved, to be subsisting in March, 1781, a few days before she failed from Dominica, we cannot doubt, but that the property was subsisting, at the time of her capture. She was then no prize to the British privateer; because protected by the British Proclamation: She was no prize to the American privateer; because she was the property of the subjects of the States General, a nation in peace and friendship with America.
"But the papers, it is said, prove the cargo to be the property of persons, not capitulants: For Morson & Company, in their letter of the 6th March, 1781, speak of Kender Mason, as a shipper, who is not a capitulant."
What does this letter say? It is addressed to Brantlight & Son, and informs them, that the rupture with Holland, occasioned all shipments to shop; that afterwards, the British Proclamation, protecting the Holland vessels from capture, for a limited time, on their passage back from Dominica, came to hand; that even then, no one but Kender Mason and themselves would ship; that, afterwards, shipment went generally on.
This letter proves clearly, that the cargo was shipped by many different persons. Not only Kender Mason shipped, but Morson & Company also shipped, and there were other shippers, who were alarmed, notwithstanding the British Proclamation, and would not immediately ship, though afterwards they proceeded to ship.
To what extent did Kender Mason ship? Morson & Co's letter, which is the only evidence that he shipt at all, goes no further than to prove, that he shipt a part of the cargo. How shall this part be ascertained?
The ship, it is admitted, by counsel on both sides, was consigned to Morson & Co. and Alexander Henderson; and it appears from the papers on board, that upwards of two thirds of *29 the cargo were shipt by Henderson, as agent and attorney for the British capitulants; the residue of the cargo was shipt, partly by James Morson, agent and attorney for British capitulants, partly by Morson & Co. and partly by others, in their own right, as agents and attornies for others.
The letter of correspondence, which Henderson addressed to Brantlight & Son, to whom the ship and cargo were consigned, and his letters of correspondence, addressed to the gentleman at London, for whom he was agent and attorney; the bill of lading he took for the property shipt, and his deposition annexed to the said bill, give a fair history of such part of the cargo, as was shipt by him: They prove it to be the property of British capitulants, and not the property of Kender Mason.
The depositions of James Morson, the bills of lading, and the certificates of the Chief Justice, point out and ascertain, what part of the cargo he shipt as agent and attorney, and prove it to be the property of British capitulants, and not the property of Kender Mason.
The depositions, bills of lading, manifest, letters of correspondence, the Governor's passport and certificate, and the deposition of Morson and Fitzgerald prove that the residue of the cargo, except what was shipt by Morson, & Co. Morson, Vance, & Co. and Lovel, Morson & Co. was the property of British capitulants, and not the property of Kender Mason.
If Mason, then, had any property on board, that property must have been in such parts of the cargo as were shipt by Morson, & Co. Vance, & Co. and Lovel, Morson, & Co. With regard to this part of the cargo, the evidence is not full and compleat: For, altho' Morson is proved to be a capitulant, yet the company is neither ascertained, nor proved to consist of capitulants.
But it is contended, that the property shipt by Henderson was the property of Kender Mason.
On what ground is the idea taken up, that Mason had any property at all on board? It is founded solely on that part of Morson & Co.'s letter, which mentions Kender Mason as a shipper. Exclusively of this letter, there is nothing, besides mere conjecture and possibility, to prove that he had any property at all on board.
This much must be clear; that if Henderson was meant, then Mason was not meant.
Morson & Co. say in their letter, "that even after the arrival of the British proclamation, no one but Kender Mason, and ourselves, would immediately ship." If Henderson was not meant for Kender Mason, then Henderson was amongst those who were still alarmed, and would not immediately ship, on the arrival of the British proclamation; and, consequently, Kender Mason could have no property in what was shipt by Henderson: *30 for it is absurd to say, that Kender Mason proceeded to ship, and Henderson did not, if what Henderson shipt was the property of Kender Mason.
But, it is objected, "that altho' Kender Mason is mentioned in the letter, as a shipper, yet it is to be understood, that he is there described as principal to Henderson, and therefore, what was shipt by Henderson, may with propriety be said to have been shipped by Kender Mason."
What evidence is there of such a connection between Mason and Henderson? Mason's letters of correspondence are all addressed to Morson, and the ship is consigned to Morson and Henderson, as persons in separate and distinct interests. The idea too, of such a connection, is contradicted by the whole tenor of the papers found on board.
If Henderson was the agent or attorney for Kender Mason; if he was the person, with whom Mason was so extensively interested, in his commercial connections, then the idea of his connection with Morson & Co. Morson, Vance, & Co. and Lovel, Morson, & Co. ought to be abandoned: for, it is not to be believed, that Mason should engage in three partnerships, and yet employ an agent or attorney, who ships forty times the quantity of produce shipt by all the three partnerships.
But it is contended, "that both ship and cargo are the property of Morson and Mason, in consequence of a plan concerted at London, between Kender Mason and Hesbuysen, agent for Brantlight & Son, while the Ship Resolution lay at Eustatius."
We have no doubt the voyage of the Resolution was planned at London, by Kender Mason and Hesbuysen; but the plan must have been very different from the one suggested.
One of two propositions must be true; either Morson and Mason did not purchase the ship, and ship the cargo, in consequence of the plan suggested, or Morson has sworn falsely, and committed a perjury.
Morson, the 7th March, 1781, near twelve months after the Resolution's voyage was concerted at London, swears that the Ship Resolution, belonging to the port of Rousseau, and owned by Brantlight & Son, arrived at Dominica, Oct. 1780; for the purpose of taking on board a cargo of sugar and coffee, the property of capitulants.
This oath flatly contradicts the assertion, that the Ship was purchased; it also directly contradicts the assertion, that the plan was to ship a cargo, the property of Kender Mason; for Kender Mason is not a capitulant.
Morson's knowledge was competent to the facts he swore: He precisely knew what the plan was that was really concerted at London; for, it is strenuously contended by the counsel for the captors, that Kender Mason, in his letter to Morson & Hesbuysen, *31 enclosed to Waterburgh, contained a full communication of it.
"But the papers, it is said, sound on board the Eustin, throw "great light upon the subject; they pluck off the mask, and "exhibit Mason in his proper colours; they prove, that an illicit "commerce has taken place, and that the articles of capitulation "have been repeatedly violated."
Admit, for argument sake, the fact, that the Eustin was engaged in an illicit commerce, how can the conduct of the Eustin affect the Resolution?
But what is this illicit commerce, which is charged to have taken place? Let it be ascertained, and we shall find, it cannot possibly apply to the Resolution.
"British goods, it is said, have been shipt from London, to "Dominica, thro' the intervention of neutral ports." Can this species of illicit commerce apply to the Resolution? It is impossible; for she was never engaged in this Dominica trade, till after her arrival at Eustatia, early in 1780; and from thence she failed to Dominica, where she lay, till the rupture between Great Britain and Holland took place; nor were Brantlight and Son ever engaged in such a commerce for Morson and Co's. letter, of the 6th March 1781, after the rupture, speaks of this house, as a new house, with which the people of Dominica were unacquainted; and mentions the difficulties he had, from that circumstance, to procure consignments.
"But the papers, it is said, of the Eustin prove that the "produce of Dominica has been exported to London, through "the intervention of neutral ports."
Was the Resolution ever engaged in this species of illicit commerce? The peculiar circumstances of her case shew, that she never was. The rupture with Holland took place while she lay at Dominica; it stopped all shipments. On the arrival of the British proclamation, protecting Holland vessels, for a limited time, on their passage back, shipments went on; but the protection, which the proclamation gave, ceased on the arrival of Holland vessels back to their ports in Holland.
What ground then is there to think, that the Resolution, with her cargo, were destined, after her arrival at Amsterdam, to proceed to London, where both ship and cargo, would have been liable, after her departure from Amsterdam, not only to British capture; but, as contended by the counsel for the captors, liable also to Dutch capture, war prohibiting all commerce between the belligerent powers; and not only liable to British and Dutch capture; but, as the law of nations has been stated by the counsel of the captors, liable also to French, Spanish and American capture?
"But the papers, it is said, of the Eustin, prove that Morson and Mason, who planned the voyage of the Resolution, *32 "also planned the voyage of the Eustin; and therefore, if the "Eustin was engaged in an illicit commerce, the presumption "is, that the Resolution was also employed in such commerce."
We have already observed, that the Resolution could not possibly be engaged in the illicit commerce, with which the Eustin is charged; but if Morson and Mason planned both voyages, Morson knew the plan on which the Resolution was chartered, and he has proved it, on oath, to be a fair one, and in perfect conformity to the articles of capitulation.
"But Mason, in his letter from Ostend, August 1781, found "on board the Eustin, writes to Moreson, that he has nearly "accomplished the plan, which he informed him of in his letter "dated October 1780, from Rotterdam, and it is contended, "that this letter proves, that a plan is established at Ostend, to "centre there the whole Dominica trade, and to furnish British "goods for Dominica, through that channel." Admit the facts to be so; how does it affect the Resolution and her cargo? The rupture with Holland had taken place, and the Resolution was captured, and brought into port, several months before the plan was accomplished at Ostend and, consequently, whatever illicit practice that plan points at, cannot apply to the Resolution. But it is said, that the plan established at Ostend, was the plan, which was concerted at London, and established at Amsterdam, and Rotterdam, and shifted from those cities to Ostend, on account of the rupture with Holland. If the plan, now established at Ostend, is nothing more than the plan adopted at London, with regard to the Resolution, then it is a fair one; for Morson has told us, what the plan was, and he has declared it on oath. But we are of opinion, that the system, now established at Ostend, is nothing more than the plan adopted at London, with regard to the Resolution: Then it is a fair one; for Morson has told us, what the plan was, and he has declared it on oath. But we are of opinion, that the system now established at Ostend is a new one, and that it is not a former plan, shifted from Holland to Ostend, on account of the rupture. It originated indeed before the rupture, and might have taken place in Holland, had it been completed before that event. It is of such a nature as requires Morson to take his residence at Ostend. It occasioned a change, in his commercial connection at London, and a dissolution of the partnership, in which he was there engaged. The cargoes shipped from Dominica, tho' consigned to Liber, Baas, Derd & Co. were nevertheless to be disposed of, under his superintendancy. It was upon this plan, whatever it was, that the Eustin failed; she may be affected by it, but the Resolution never can. We have said, the whole cargo of the Resolution is disproved to be the property of Mason; except such parts of it as were shipt by Morson & Co. and therefore if Mason had any property at all on board, it must be in such part of the cargo.
*33 We feel the force of the reasoning which has been employed to shew, that the name of Kender Mason was inserted by mistake; but, as Mason, who appears to us to be a partner in three partnerships, and to have been the active person in shipping this part of the cargo, has acknowledged, for himself and company, that Kender Mason was a shipper, and the evidence, upon a careful review of it, leaves an opening to apply that acknowledgment to a concern in the three partnerships, we are led to change the opinion we had entertained on the first argument, with regard to this point, and now think, that this part of the cargo must be condemned as prize; and, not only Mason's proportion of it, but also the whole interest of the three partnerships: For, the shipping of produce by Mason, who is not a capitulant, is a violation of the capitulation; and as the three partnerships were consenting to it, and neglected their interest with Mason, they are participes criminis, and must equally suffer. So far we have thought proper to animadvert on the new evidence, and the argument and observations of the counsel upon it. And, altho' on a decree of acquittal, almost the whole cargo will go into the hands of those who are not the friends of America, notwithstanding they have stipulated a neutrality during the war; yet, as they are entitled to it, by the articles of capitulation which bind America, the law of nations operating on those articles as a solemn compact, commands that such a decree must be given. We hope we feel just impressions of the wrongs and cruelties of Great Britain; but public faith must be maintained; the honor and dignity of the United States preserved, and the law of nations dispassionately and righteously administered.
We therefore adjudge and decree, that the order of this court, suspending the original decree, be discharged, and the said original decree, be affirmed in all its parts, except with regard to such parts of the cargo, as were shipt by Morson & Co. Morson, Vance, & Co. and Lovell, Morson & Co. which parts of the cargo we do adjudge and decree to be condemned, for the use of the captors, chargeable, nevertheless, with the stipulated freight.
# 12
2 U.S. 382
    2 Dall. 382
    1 L. Ed. 425
    Anonymous
    Circuit Court, Pennsylvania District
    April Term, 1797
    2 U.S. 382
    2 Dall. 382
    1 L. Ed. 425
    Anonymous
    Circuit Court, Pennsylvania District
    April Term, 1797
    
      1
      In a cause marked for trial by Special Jury, nine Jurors only appeared; and the question arose, whether the Court (who wished to consider it with a view to establish a precedent) could award a tales, on the application of the Plaintiff.
    
    
      2
      Levy and Ingersoll suggested, that the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania had so construed the 12th sect. of the Act of Assembly (2 Vol. Dall. Edit. p. 265) as to exercise the power of ordering a tales in the case of special, as well as of common, Juries, whenever the Plaintiff required it; and, also, whenever the Defendant required it, if he had a rule for trial by proviso. The same power is exercised in England on general principles. Sell. Pr. 476.
    
    
      3
      Lewis observed, that the Supreme Court held, that the Pennsylvania Act, and not the English practice, must regulate the proceedings with respect to Juries; and the case of a tales in trials by special Jury, though admissible at common law, might not have been adopted by the Legislature, on account of the inconveniences, which the practice tended to introduce. But whatever may have been the previous law, the Legislative rule must be pursued; and expressio unius est exclusio ulterius.
    
    
      4
      Rawle conceived, that the 12th section of the Judicial Act (1 Vol. Swift's Edit. p. 67) settled the question. In the first part of the section, the provision for impannelling Juries is general, obviously including both special and common Juries; and, as there is the same generality of expression in the latter part of the section, when provision is made for returning a tales, it ought also, by a parity of construction, to be extended to both cases.
    
    
      5
      Peters, Justice.
    
    
      6
      I have no doubt of the power of the Court, to order a tales in special Jury causes. It might have been done, I think, under the Act of Assembly; but unquestionably it may be done under the Act of Congress. There ought, however, to be such a discretion in using it, as to prevent any injury to either party; and, therefore, a trial should not be forced on, without a reasonable delay to bring in the Jurors that had been regularly selected.
    
    
      7
      Iredell, Justice.
    
    
      8
      The Act of Congress seems to remove every difficulty. It makes no distinction (and the Court can, therefore, make none) between the case of a special and of a common Jury. If this provision had not existed, the subject would have occasioned much doubt in my mind.
    
    # 13
4 U.S. 433     4 Dall. 433     1 L. Ed. 897     Lyle v. Baker et al.     Supreme Court of Pennsylvania.     December Term, 1806            THIS action was instituted, in the Common Pleas of Philadelphia county, at September term 1806; and a habeas corpus was taken out by the defendants on the 1st of December following, to remove it into the Supreme Court. Tod, for the plaintiff, alleged that the habeas corpus had issued too late, and moved for a procedendo, on the 20th section of the act of the 24th of February 1806 (7 vol. 342.) which provides, 'that no action shall be removed from any of the Courts of Common Pleas, to the Supreme, or Circuit Courts, by consent, or otherwise, unless the same is removed, on, or before, the first day of the next term, after the said action shall have been commenced.'
      After argument in a full Court (but Judge YEATES being now absent, owing to indisposition) the Chief Justice, on the 17th of January 1807, delivered the following unanimous opinion.
      TILGHMAN, C. J.                 11       The case turns entirely upon the construction of the 20th section of the act, 'to alter the judicia y system of this commonwealth.' Where the intention of the legislature is clearly expressed, it must prevail, whatever may be the consequences. But, in the endeavour to discover the legislative intention, we must so construe the law, as not to reject any of its words; and if there appears to be a contradiction in the expressions, we must seek and pursue, upon the whole, the prevailing object and intent of the law. Viewing, then, all the parts of the section under consideration, I am of opinion, that an action may be removed to the Supreme Court, at any time before, or on, the first day of the term, succeeding that to which the original writ is returned. The expression, 'first day of the next term after the action shall have been commenced,' taken by itself, would, certainly, limit the removal to the first day of the first term: but other expressions (I mean, particularly, the words, 'on or before') must, also, be considered; and they cannot be satisfied, if the right of removal is restricted to the first day of the first term. It is impossible to remove an action, before the first day of the term, to which the writ is returnable; as the writ of removal is directed to the Court, in which the action is brought, and the Court can have no knowledge of the action, until its session, at the term, next succeeding its commencement.          
      22
      On this view of the subject, we are of opinion, that the intention of the legislature cannot be carried into effect, without so construing the act, as to admit of the removal of an action, on, or before, the first day of the term next after that, to which the original writ is returnable.     
    
      33
      Procedendo refused.     
      