279 U.S. 816
    49 S. Ct. 341
    73 L. Ed. 973
    The UNITED STATES of America, complainant, v. The STATE OF UTAH.
    No. 15, original.
    Supreme Court of the United States
    March 11, 1929
    ORDER
    
      1
      On consideration of the motion by the United States for the appointment of a Special Master to take the evidence in this case and report the same to this Court with his findings of fact, conclusions of law, and recommendations for a decree,
    
    
      2
      It is now here ordered that Charles Warren, of Washington, D. C., be, and he is hereby, appointed a Special Master with the powers of a Master in Chancery, as provided in the rules of this Court, to take the evidence viva voce or by deposition and to report the same to the Court with his findings of fact, conclusions of law, and recommendations for a decree-all subject to examination, consideration, approval, modification, or other disposal by the Court.
    
    
      3
      The Special Master shall have authority (1) to employ competent stenographic and clerical assistants, (2) to fix the times and places of taking the evidence and to limit the time within which each party shall present its evidence, and (3) to issue subpoenas to secure the attendance of witnesses and to administer oaths. Depositions of witnesses residing at any place may be taken upon stipulation of the parties, or by the mode provided in the rules of practice for the Courts of Equity of the United States, or as provided by sections 863, 865-867 of the Revised Statutes (28 USCA §§ 639, 641, 644, 645) for the taking of depositions de bene esse in the District Court, or as may be directed by the Master. They may be returned in the first instance to the Master. When the Special Master's report of his findings of fact, conclusions of law, and recommendations for a decree is completed, the Clerk of the Court shall cause the same to be printed; and when the same is presented to the Court in printed form, the parties will be accorded a reasonable time, to be fixed by the Court, within which to present exceptions. The Special Master shall be allowed his actual expenses and a reasonable compensation for his services, to be fixed hereafter by the Court. The allowance to him, the compensation paid to his stenographic and clerical assistants, and the cost of printing his report shall be charged against and be borne by the parties in such proportions as the Court hereafter may direct.
    
    
      4
      If the appointment herein made of a Special Master is not accepted, or if the place becomes vacant during the recess of the Court, the Chief Justice shall have authority to make a new designation, which shall have the same effect as if originally made by the Court herein.
    
    