
28 U.S. 413 (____)
3 Pet. 413
WILLIAM PARSONS, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR 
vs. 
JAMES ARMOR AND T.W. OAKEY, SYNDICS OF THE CREDITORS OF JAMES ARMOR.
Supreme Court of United States.

*422 Mr Livingston and Mr Webster, for the plaintiff in error.
Mr Jones, for the defendant.
*424 Mr Justice JOHNSON delivered the opinion of the Court.
This cause is brought up by writ of error from the district court of Louisiana district, exercising circuit court jurisdiction, in a suit in which the cause of action was in the nature of a quantum valebat, for a quantity of tobacco sold; but according to the practice of that court, the suit was prosecuted in the forms of the civil law, and the judgment rendered by the court, the parties having waived the trial by jury. The record consists of the petition, the answer, the whole testimony, as well depositions as documents, introduced by either party, and the fiat of the judge that Armor, the plaintiff below, recover the debt as demanded.
In the argument, counsel considered the cause as in nature of a case stated, that is, a substitute for a special verdict; but this court could not avoid noticing that the precedent might involve it in the necessity of exercising jurisdiction over cases of a very different character. This writ of error does not bring up a mere statement of facts, but a *425 mass of testimony, and however consistent and reconcilable the testimony may be in this case, it may be very different in future causes coming up from the same quarter, and by means of the same process.
The difficulty is to decide under what character we shall consider the present reference to the revising power of this court. If treated strictly as a writ of error, it is certainly not an attribute of that writ, according to common law doctrine, to submit the testimony as well as the law of the case to the revision of this court; and then there is no mode in which we could treat the case, but in the nature of a bill of exceptions; that is, to confine ourselves entirely to the question, whether, giving the utmost force to the testimony in favour of the party in possession of the judgment below, he was legally entitled to a judgment. But this would often lead this court to decide upon a case widely different from that acted upon in the court below. There may be conflicting testimony, and questions of credibility in the cause, which this court would be compelled to pass by. This would be increasing appellate jurisdiction on principles very different from the received opinions and judicial habits of that state; and it has been argued, equally inconsistent with the rights extended to them by congress.
We feel no difficulty from the bearing of the seventh amendment of the constitution in this case; because if this be a suit at common law in the sense of the amendment, the object was to secure a right to the individual, and that right has been tendered to him and declined. The words of the amendment are, "the right to the trial by jury shall be preserved." Nor are we at liberty to treat this as an appeal in a cause of equity jurisdiction under the act of 1803; because the party has not brought up his cause by appeal, but by writ of error.
The present case is one which may be treated as a bill of exceptions, or a case submitted; since, giving the utmost force to the testimony in favour of Armor, we are of opinion that the judgment must be reversed. We shall proceed, therefore, to examine the merits upon that principle, without *426 committing ourselves either upon the extent of the appellate power of this court over that of Louisiana, or the appropriate means of exercising it.
The merits of this case may be comprised within the following state of facts:
Parsons was a merchant and considerable ship owner, established in Boston, and in the habit of trading to New Orleans. Eben Fiske was a commission merchant, established in New Orleans, with whom Parsons opened a correspondence on the 1st of October 1821, with a commission to call upon his previous correspondents, W. and N. Wyer, for a balance supposed to be in their hands. The transactions, in the course of which the purchase was made which constitutes the present cause of action, commenced with the letter of the 19th of October 1821; the tenor of which furnishes the true exposition of the nature and extent of the mandatory power under which Fiske acted for Parsons. The material passage are these:
"I have concluded to sent the brig Betsey, John Virgin master, for New Orleans. She will probably sail next week. If you can purchase one hundred and fifty hogsheads of very good tobacco, should there be any at market, &c. If these articles can be procured, I wish it done at once, &c. You will please draw on me for the funds to pay for the cargo."
The examination of Fiske furnishes these further explanations of the relation in which he acted with regard to Parsons. In the latter part of his deposition he says, "he was the correspondent of Parsons, from whom he received goods on consignment, and transacted his business exclusively in New Orleans from the year 1821 to July 1825; and in all purchases by him for Parsons, received the accounts and transacted the business in his own name, and never signed his name as agent for Parsons;" and further, "that when he made purchases, the bills of parcels were made out in his, Fiske's, name, and the accounts assured in the books of the different merchants in his name." And in the commencement of his deposition, he says, "that the general course of the transactions between them was, that the said Parsons sent out to New Orleans iron, steel, &c. consigned *427 to witness, which he would sell as occasion offered, most frequently on credit. That the vessels of the said Parsons visited New Orleans every year; when witness, on account of said Parsons, purchased from the merchants of New Orleans tobacco, cotton, &c., and such articles as Parsons would request, which were put on board of Parsons' vessels, and on his account transported to different ports of Europe and America. To put himself in funds for these purchases so made, witness drew his bills of exchange on said Parsons, which had always been duly accepted and paid, until August 1825." "That witness would charge said Parsons with purchases made for him, as well as for the disbursements of his vessels and other expenses and charges, and would credit said Parsons with bills drawn on him from time to time, and the proceeds of nails, iron, steel, &c. as sold;" and then refers generally to the accounts annexed to the deposition for further explanations on the nature of their dealings.
By reference to these accounts it appears that the bills were disposed of generally at market as opportunity offered; and that he never acted under the idea of being restricted to the drawing of bills to pay the vendor in that mode, specifically, for each purchase.
With regard to the particular purchase under consideration; Fiske swears that the payment in bills made a part of the contract, and that the bills drawn were all paid except two, making up the balance here sued for. And it has been thought to have some influence upon the merits of plaintiff's demand, that at the time of this purchase, Fiske stated to Armor that he was about to purchase on account of Parsons, and showed him the letters of Parsons which refer to the order to purchase tobacco for loading the Mary and Betsey; for which object this purchase was made. How far the case of the plaintiffs below can be aided by those letters will presently be seen.
The simple question under this state of facts is, was Parsons chargeable to Armor as vendor of this parcel of tobacco? This must be decided either upon the general *428 powers vested in Fiske, or the particular circumstances of this purchase.
The general rule is, that a principal is bound by the act of his agent no farther than he authorises that agent to bind him; but the extent of the power given to an agent is deducible as well from facts as from express delegation. In the estimate or application of such facts, the law has regard to public security, and often applies the rule, that "he who trusts must pay." So, also, collusion with an agent to get a debt paid, through the intervention of one in failing circumstances, has been held to make the principal chargeable on the ground of immoral dealing. To one or other of these heads all the cases are reducible; and into one or other of these classes it is necessary to bring the present case, or Parsons is not chargeable.
It has been argued, that Fiske was the general agent of Parsons, for the purchase of cargoes to load his vessels, and as such had power to bind him as original vendee to this plaintiff. That he possessed a general power to draw bills in payment for such cargoes, and was either bound to accept such bills, or became bound by colluding to create a credit to Fiske, which exposed the community to imposition.
But all this argument turns upon a misapprehension of the nature of the transactions between Parsons and Fiske.
Every one knows that a bill of exchange is the substitute for the actual transmission of money by sea or land. Power therefore to draw upon a house in good credit, and to throw those bills upon the market, is equivalent to a deposit of cash in the vaults of the agent. There is not the least tittle of evidence in the cause to show that Parsons meant to use the credit of Fiske, or to authorise him to pledge the credit of Parsons in any thing but the negotiation of bills. This depended on the confidence which merchants who wished to remit from New Orleans would place in the solvency and integrity of the drawer and drawee, and had no connection whatever with the application of the money thus raised to the purchases ordered by the principal. As to those purchases, the agent was authorized to go no farther *429 than to apply the funds deposited with him. And the case is reduced to the plain and simple rule to be found every where, from the time of Shower and Lord Holt, down; "that if I give my servant money to purchase for me, and he use it, and purchase on credit, I am not bound, though the article come in fact to my use."
There are few, if any cases, to be found in modern English books on this subject; for the plain reason, that the nature and effects of such a commission or employment, are too well understood in that country to have admitted of litigation. All the cases which have arisen there of a recent date, except where the ground of collusion has been resorted to, are cases of purchases on credit. Such are those of Addison and Gandasequi, and some others that have been quoted. The case of Wilson vs. Hart, 7 Taunt. 295, was a case of collusion.
If, in the present case, Parsons were chargeable with any unfair dealing, or the practice of uncandid or collusive means of saving the balance for which it appears Fiske had overdrawn; it cannot be questioned that he is chargeable. But on this part of the case two considerations are important, the first of which relates to the amount of the bills which Parsons refused to accept, and the second, the particular notice communicated to Armor of the object and limits of Fiske's power to draw.
Of the general power to protest the bills of one who has overdrawn, there can be no question, for it is the only security which one who gives a power to draw bills and throw them on the market, or perhaps to draw at all, has against the bad faith of his correspondent. On this subject he takes the risk of paying the damages, if in fault, or of throwing them on the other, if he has actually abused his trust. It is a question between him and his correspondent.
It is true that in this case the amount protested appears to have gone far beyond the balance acknowledged by Fiske. But then Fiske held a large quantity of tobacco in store, which Parsons might very well suppose would not be given up to his order after protest of the bills; and in refusing payment to such an amount may have had in view an indemnity *430 against this further loss; a loss which actually was incurred; so that in this he is not chargeable with mala fides.
The second consideration is equally important in its bearing upon this part of the case.
Parsons, in his correspondence, alleges as his justification for refusing acceptance, that he had limited Fiske in his purchases for the Mary and Betsey, to the application of the funds in his hands. The balance due on general account by a correspondent is, in mercantile language, a fund in his hands; and so the correspondence shows that it was understood to be in this instance. Fiske swears, that, at the time of the purchase from Armor, he showed Armor the letters from Parsons, on the subject of the purchase of the cargo for the Mary and Betsey, and by referring to the letters of the 9th of June and 5th of July 1825, which must be here meant, we find both expressly referring to the application of "funds in hand," and the latter intimating that the whole purchase will scarcely absorb "all the funds in hand."
So direct an intimation that the purchase of these cargoes was to balance the accounts between them, removes all ground for imputing collusion to parties.
As to the currency given to these bills by the regular acceptance and payment of them up to the date of the bills; if this is to deprive a merchant of the only check he has for his security, by preventing him from ever refusing his acceptance, credit would become a misfortune.
Nor does it affect the merits of this cause, that the original contract was made for a payment in bills. Such was not the negotiation to which Parsons had limited Fiske; it was no more, as between Parsons and Armor, than a purchase of bills, with the cash received for the tobacco; and a purchase against which Armor was not without a warning, furnished by the letters which Fiske, his own witness, swears he submitted to Armor, prior to the negotiation. It was creating new funds for a purchase, not purchasing with the funds already created, or in the hands of Fiske.
Judgment reversed.
