92 U.S. 454     23 L. Ed. 620     TERRY v. COMMERCIAL BANK OF ALABAMA.     October Term, 1875            11       APPEAL from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of Alabama.          
      22
      Mr. Harvey Terry for the appellant.     
    
      33       No opposing counsel.          
      44
      MR. JUSTICE MILLER delivered the opinion of the court. The defendant, the Commercial Bank of Alabama, was a banking corporation organized under the laws of that State, and had become insolvent. The appellant, a citizen of the State of South Carolina, brought a suit in the District Court for the Middle District of Alabama, at that time exercising circuit-court powers, to wind up the bank under the provisions of the twenty-first section of its charter. Plaintiff alleged and proved that he was the owner or about $3,000 of the notes of the bank, on which he had demanded payment, and been refused. The bank admitted its insolvency; and a receiver was appointed by consent to wind up its affairs, and publication made for all creditors to come in and prove their claims. The receiver made his report, which was referred to a master, who also reported.     
    
      55       These reports, and several supplemental reports, were all confirmed without exceptions, and a final order of distribution made among those who had proved their claims, allowing first the costs of the proceeding, including attorney's fees and other costs of suit. All of these were referred to a master, who reported, and to whose report no exceptions were taken.          
      66
      After all this was done, the appellant here and plaintiff below appeared in persons, and filed numerous petitions and affidavits signed by himself, excepting to the decree, asking to set it aside, excepting to the reports, and suggesting many other matters and things in which he sought to modify or correct the decree.     
    
      77       The foundation of all this seems to be the charge that his counsel deserted his interest, failed to except to the reports, and consented to the decree because they received what he called an exorbitant allowance for their services out of the fund which should have gone to the creditors of the bank, thereby diminishing the amount of his dividend.          
      88
      As to all this, it is sufficient to say that these motions cannot be considered here. They are mainly addressed to the discretion of the court, coming as they do after a final decree on the merits. If appellant desired to place the case in a position where this court could review the action of the court on that class of questions, he should have filed his bill of review and made the proper issues, and supported it by depositions. As it now stands, his motions are unsupported by any thing but his own affidavit.     
    
      99       So as to the errors alleged in the master's reports. There were no exceptions filed to these reports until after they were confirmed and a final order of distribution made. This court cannot review those reports on exceptions taken after that, and urged upon us now on appeal. If, as appellant alleges, he has been defrauded by his counsel, he must sue them for what he has lost by the fraud.          
      1010
      If he desire to set aside the decree because it was obtained by fraud, his remedy is by bill of review.     
    
      1111       But he complains of one error in the decree which is shown on the face of the proceedings, and as to which he is, we think, entitled to have it reversed.          
      1212
      It appears that the creditors of the bank have not been paid the full amount of their claims, as allowed by the master, and confirmed by the court. By the law of the charter, the stockholders are liable to be called on for contribution to make up this deficit. They have not been made parties to this proceeding. No rule or process has been served on them, nor any motion or petition or prayer filed to subject them to liability. The decree, however, orders 'that the said Commerical Bank of Alabama, its officers and stockholders, be, and they are hereby, for ever discharged from any and all liability for or on account of any debt or demand of whatsoever nature, now or hereafter, subsisting against the bank and officers or stockholders of the same.'     
    
      1313       We see nothing in the proceedings to authorize the part of the decree which relates to the stockholders. Their liability has not been put in issue by any pleading, notice, or paper in the cause; and while, under these circumstances, this part of the decree may be void for that reason, we still think appellant has the right to have it removed out of the way of his proceeding against these shareholders, if he should desire to do so.          
      1414
      The decree of the District Court is affirmed as to all but this part of it, and the case is remanded to the Circuit Court for the Southern District of Alabama, to which, by law, it has been transferred, with directions to modify the decree in that respect, as indicated in this opinion; and, when so modified,     
    
      1515
      The decree is affirmed, appellant to recover costs of appeal.     
      