
102 U.S. 314 (____)
HAWLEY 
v. 
UPTON.
Supreme Court of United States.

*315 Mr. Galusha Parsons for the plaintiff in error.
Mr. C.C. Nourse, contra.
*316 MR. CHIEF JUSTICE WAITE delivered the opinion of the court.
It cannot be doubted that one who has become bound as a subscriber to the capital stock of a corporation must pay his subscription if required to meet the obligations of the corporation. A certificate in his favor for the stock is not necessary to make him a subscriber. All that need be done, so far as creditors are concerned, is that the subscriber shall have bound himself to become a contributor to the fund which the capital stock of the corporation represents. If such an obligation exists, the courts can enforce the contribution when required. After having bound himself to contribute, he cannot be discharged from the obligation he has assumed until the contribution has actually been made, or the obligation in some lawful way extinguished.
These are elementary principles. Upton, Assignee, v. Tribilcock, 91 U.S. 45; Webster v. Upton, id. 65. The only question we have to consider is whether, from the facts found, it appears that Hawley, the plaintiff in error, had become an accepted subscriber to the stock of the company before the bankruptcy. There can be no doubt that he was approached by an agent of the company with a view of securing him as a subscriber. It is equally true that after the representations made to him he was willing to become a stockholder. The result was that he executed the paper set out in the findings, by which he acknowledged the receipt from the company of ten shares of its stock, and agreed within the time named to pay to the company $200, or twenty per cent of its par value. As the company could not sell its stock at less than par, what was done amounted in law to a subscription for the stock, and nothing else. It is true the stock he took purported to be non-assessable; but that in law could only mean that no assessment would be made beyond the percentage he had specially bound himself to pay, unless the legal liabilities of the company required it. Upton, Assignee, v. Tribilcock, supra.
The paper he signed was delivered to the company by the agent who got it. That it was accepted by the company as a subscription is shown conclusively by the fact that his name was entered on the books as a stockholder and publication *317 made accordingly. It matters not that he had no knowledge of such a publication. His receipt for the stock was an acknowledgment, so far as he was concerned, that he had become a stockholder, and, after an acceptance by the company, his liability was fixed whether any publication was made or not. The publication is only important as a means of showing that his subscription made to an agent had been accepted and ratified by the company. The entries on the books had the same effect. The publication only made it more notorious. The ultimate fact to be established is that a subscription had not only been made by Hawley, but accepted by the company.
Both in the pleadings and the argument the defence was put principally on the fact that no certificate of stock had been issued. It may be conceded that if a suit had been brought by the company on the express promise to pay the twenty per cent, there could have been no recovery without a tender of the certificate; but that is not this case. Here the creditors of the bankrupt company are proceeding against Hawley as a stockholder, to compel him to contribute to the fund which the law had provided for their security, what he by his subscription agreed he would pay. The suit is not brought on his special agreement to pay the twenty per cent, but on his general liability as a subscriber to pay for his stock whenever it was wanted to meet the liabilities of the company. As the certificate was not needed to perfect the subscription, its non-delivery cannot stand in the way of a recovery in this action.
We have no hesitation in answering each of the questions certified in the negative, and the judgment is consequently
Affirmed.
