
143 U.S. 79 (1892)
TYLER 
v. 
SAVAGE.
No. 158.
Supreme Court of United States.
Argued January 18, 1892.
Decided February 1, 1892.
APPEAL FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF VIRGINIA.
*91 Mr. Assistant Attorney General Maury for appellant.
Mr. William Wirt Henry for appellee.
*93 MR. JUSTICE BLATCHFORD delivered the opinion of the court.
It is assigned for error (1) that the record does not present a case for the exercise of jurisdiction in equity; (2) that the decree is outside of the case made in the bill, which is for the enforcement of the corporate liability of the Virginia Oil Company; (3) that the evidence does not warrant the imputation of fraud to the defendants Tyler and the Virginia Oil Company; and (4) that the decree is devoid of support in the record.
*94 (1) It is contended that the only ground on which the bill can be supported against Tyler is, that it contains averments to the effect that he is indebted to the corporation on account of his stock in it; that what is thus owed by him is a part of its assets; and that the plaintiff has an equity to compel payment of the amount thus due, and to subject it to her claim for damages against the corporation. It is contended that, stripped of those averments, the bill is nothing more than a declaration in an action on the case, at law, for the recovery of damages for a false representation; that, as the case stands in the record, with reference to Tyler, it is wholly destitute of equity, and therefore the court decreed on a case that was beyond its jurisdiction; that the only equity which the plaintiff pretended she had against Tyler was to compel him to pay in money for his stock in the company, it being averred that what had been claimed to be a payment for the stock was largely fraudulent and fictitious; that the master did not find that the stock issued to Tyler was not fully paid for, and, the plaintiff having excepted to the report because the master did not so find, the court confirmed his report in that respect; that, as the plaintiff took no appeal, the case was thus left destitute of equity against Tyler, and the bill should have been dismissed; and reference is made, under this head, to the cases of Russell v. Clark's Executors, 7 Cranch, 69, 89; Thompson v. Railroad Companies, 6 Wall. 137; Insurance Co. v. Bailey, 13 Wall. 616; Parkersburg v. Brown, 106 U.S. 487, 500; Buzard v. Houston, 119 U.S. 347, 352; Kramer v. Cohn, 119 U.S. 355, 357; and § 723 Rev. Stat. U.S.
The bill set out a case of fraud practised upon the plaintiff by Tyler, in that, in order to induce her to purchase the $10,000 of stock, he, as president of the company, sent to her the letter of April 10, 1884, upon the statements in which she relied and had a right to rely. It was alleged in the bill that the letter, both by its statements and its omissions, was false and deceitful, and operated as a fraud upon the plaintiff, and that, $10,000 having been obtained from her unlawfully, by the misrepresentations of the affairs of the company by Tyler, its president and duly authorized agent, and having gone into *95 its treasury and been expended by it, that sum was justly due her by Tyler and the company, with interest, and she had a right to require all the proper assets of the company to be gotten in and applied to the debts due to her and others; that the company was insolvent; and that a receiver ought to be appointed for it.
The bill also required from the defendants answers to the interrogatories which it contained. Tyler and Otley, in their answers to the interrogatories, referred to the books of the company as containing the facts which would give answers to those interrogatories; and Tyler, in his testimony, referred to the books as showing the facts in regard to the condition of the company on June 1, 1884. The information obtained from the answers to the interrogatories and from the proofs in the books showed the insolvent condition of the company on June 1, 1884, and that, as the master reported, it was at that date bankrupt. Tyler must be held to have had knowledge at that time of the condition of the company, as he was its president, and commenced keeping its books about March, 1883; and he is chargeable with knowledge of the facts, reported by the master, that of the $10,000 paid by the plaintiff he received personally the benefit of $6200. The recovery by the plaintiff thus depended largely on the information in the possession of the company and of Tyler, and which was sought for by the bill; and an application of the assets of the company, to replace such of the money paid by the plaintiff as had been used by it, was necessary before Tyler could be made responsible individually for what the assets of the company would not pay.
Thus there were in the case, as ingredients to support the jurisdiction of equity, discovery, account, fraud, misrepresentation and concealment. Story Eq. Jur. §§ 64k, 67, 184, 191; Jones v. Bolles, 9 Wall. 364, 369.
Under § 723 of the Revised Statutes, the remedy at law, in order to exclude equity, must be as practical and as efficient to the ends of justice and its prompt administration, as the remedy in equity. Boyce's Executors v. Grundy, 3 Pet. 210, 215; Insurance Co. v. Bailey, 13 Wall. 616, 620.
*96 In Russell v. Clark's Executors, 7 Cranch, 69, 89, the bill was one for discovery, and the answer disclosed nothing, the plaintiff supporting his case by testimony in his own possession. In the case now before us, discovery was only one of the grounds of jurisdiction, and the answers to the bill disclosed, through the books of the company, facts which the plaintiff sought to discover.
In Parkersburg v. Brown, 106 U.S. 487, 500, it was held that there was a plain, adequate and complete remedy at law for the relief granted by the decree. In the present case, discovery was prayed for and made, the affairs of an insolvent corporation were settled up, the subscription to stock made by the plaintiff was substantially cancelled, part of the proceeds of the assets of the company were applied to the repayment of the $10,000, and a decree for the balance was made against Tyler, the agent of the company, who had committed the fraud.
In Buzard v. Houston, 119 U.S. 347, the ruling was, that a court of equity would not sustain a bill in a case of fraud, to obtain only a decree for the payment of money by way of damages, when the like amount might be recovered in an action at law; and that, if a bill in equity showing ground for legal and not for equitable relief, prayed for a discovery as incidental only to the relief sought, and the answer disclosed nothing, but the plaintiff supported the claim by independent evidence, the bill ought to be dismissed, without prejudice to an action at law.
In Kramer v. Cohn, 119 U.S. 355, the ruling was, that a bill in equity by an assignee in bankruptcy against the bankrupt and another person, alleging that the bankrupt, with intent to defraud his creditors, concealed and sold his property and invested the proceeds in a business carried on by him in the name of the other defendant, should, on a failure to prove the latter allegation, be dismissed without prejudice to an action at law against the bankrupt.
The present case is not within the rulings in the cases thus referred to.
Moreover, the objection now made to the jurisdiction in *97 equity was not raised in the court below, by answer or otherwise. It is said in Thompson v. Railroad Companies, 6 Wall. 134, 137, that usually, where a case is not cognizable in a court of equity, the objection is interposed in the first instance, but that if a plain defect of jurisdiction appears at the hearing or on appeal, a court of equity will not make a decree. The present case, as before demonstrated, so far from showing a plain defect of equity jurisdiction, is a case for its exercise.
In recent cases in this court the subject of the raising for the first time in this court of the question of want of jurisdiction in equity has been considered. In Reynes v. Dumont, 130 U.S. 354, 395, it was said that the court, for its own protection, might prevent matters properly cognizable at law from being drawn into chancery at the pleasure of the parties interested, but that it by no means followed, where the subject-matter belonged to that class over which a court of equity had jurisdiction, and the objection that the complainant had an adequate remedy at law was not made until the hearing in the appellate tribunal, that the latter could exercise no discretion in the disposition of such objection; and reference was made to 1 Daniell's Chancery Practice, 555, 4th Am. ed.; Wylie v. Coxe, 15 How. 415, 420; Oelrichs v. Spain, 15 Wall. 211; and Lewis v. Cocks, 23 Wall. 466. To the same effect are Kilbourn v. Sunderland, 130 U.S. 505, 514; Brown v. Lake Superior Iron Co., 134 U.S. 530, 535, 536; and Allen v. Pullman's Palace Car Co., 139 U.S. 658, 662.
(2) As to the decree being outside the case made in the bill, we think the allegations of the bill as to the fraud are adequate, and that the statement of the decree that the company was represented to the plaintiff by Tyler, its president, to be in a flourishing condition, when in fact it was insolvent, is a sufficient support of the allegations of fraud made in the bill.
The averment of the bill that the $10,000 was justly due to the plaintiff by Tyler and the company, because that sum was unlawfully obtained from her by the misrepresentations of the affairs of the company by Tyler, who was its president and duly authorized agent, and because that sum went into the treasury of, and was expended by, the company, is a distinct *98 allegation that the $10,000 was justly due to her by Tyler. The further averment that the plaintiff had a right to require all the proper assets of the company to be gotten in and applied to the liquidation of the debts due to her and others, is merely an allegation that her first claim was to have the assets of the company applied to pay her, and that beyond that she had a claim against Tyler personally for the deficiency in such assets. There was a deficiency in the assets of the company, and the decree against Tyler was only for such deficiency.
The relief against Tyler was properly granted under the prayer of the bill for general relief. It was consonant with the facts set out in the bill as a ground of relief against Tyler personally, and it was relief agreeable to the case made by the bill. Story's Eq. Pl. § 40, etc.; Tayloe v. Merchant's Fire Ins. Co., 9 How. 390, 406. The bill could not have been successfully demurred to for multifariousness.
As to the assignments of error (3) and (4) we are of opinion, without discussing the evidence in detail, that it sustains the report of the master and the decree. The master reported that on June 1, 1884, the company had lost its entire cash-paid stock and was largely in debt besides; that the formulas and recipes purchased for $8486.84 were then and ever since had been without value, or at least unsalable; and that, in a word, the company was bankrupt. These findings were not excepted to by Tyler or the company. A large part of the money which Tyler had loaned to the company was repaid to him out of the $10,000 paid by the plaintiff. Tyler's letter to the plaintiff of April 10, 1884, in saying, "The last dividend that was declared was a 7 per cent semi-annual. The fiscal year ends on the first of June," was calculated naturally to produce the impression upon the plaintiff's mind that the last dividend was declared on the 1st of June, 1883, whereas the last dividend was June 1, 1882. It must be inferred that, if the plaintiff had been informed that no dividend had been declared since June 1, 1882, she would not have subscribed for the stock. This suppression of a material fact, which Tyler was bound in good faith to disclose, was equivalent to a false representation. Stewart v. Wyoming Ranche Co., 128 U.S. *99 383, 388. The effect of the fraud committed by Tyler enured directly to his personal advantage. Not only was he, as a large stockholder and salaried officer, benefited by the plaintiff's payment into the treasury of the company of the $10,000, but, as already shown, $6200 of that sum went directly to his benefit, and the remainder, he testifies, went to the purchase of material and ordinary expenses of the company. The latter amount enabled the company to continue paying to Tyler his salary for some time longer.
Decree affirmed.
