
180 U.S. 295 (1901)
ROBINSON 
v. 
SOUTHERN NATIONAL BANK.
No. 137.
Supreme Court of United States.
Argued December 20, 21, 1900.
Decided February 25, 1901.
ERROR TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT.
*304 Mr. Chase Mellen for plaintiff in error.
Mr. William B. Hornblower for defendant in error.
MR. JUSTICE SHIRAS, after making the above statement, delivered the opinion of the court.
By section 5139 of the Revised Statutes of the United States, *305 it is provided that the capital stock of banking associations shall be divided into shares of one hundred dollars each, and be deemed personal property, and transferable on the books of the association in such manner as may be prescribed in the by-laws or articles of association; that every person becoming a shareholder by such transfer shall, in proportion to his shares, succeed to all the rights and liabilities of the prior holder of such shares; and that no change shall be made in the articles of association by which the rights, remedies or security of the existing creditors of the association shall be impaired.
By section 5151 it is provided that the shareholders of every national banking association shall be held individually responsible, equally and ratably, and not one for another, for all contracts, debts and engagements of such association, to the extent of the amount of their stock therein, at the par value thereof, in addition to the amount invested in such shares; and by section 5234 the Comptroller of the Currency is authorized to appoint a receiver of an insolvent national bank, who shall, if necessary to pay the debts of such association, enforce the individual liability of the stockholders.
In the present case the State National Bank of Vernon, Texas, having become insolvent, Robinson, the plaintiff in error, was appointed receiver thereof on September 24, 1894; on February 1, 1895, the Comptroller made an assessment upon the capital stock and the owners of the same equal to the par value of the stock; and on October 26, 1898, the receiver brought an action in the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of New York against the Southern National Bank of New York as an alleged shareholder liable to pay its proportionate share of such assessment.
The reported decisions show that there are two classes of cases of this character — one, wherein the liability has been enforced against a party defendant in whose name the stock was registered on the books of the bank, regardless of the question whether he was, in point of fact, the owner of said stock; and the other, where the liability has been enforced against the real owner of the stock, although the stock stood registered on the books in the name of a third person.
*306 In the former class, the liability is said to be created by the act of the party in whose name the stock is registered, in holding himself out as a stockholder, and thus inviting others to deal with the bank and become creditors, relying on the reputation and financial strength of the nominal stockholders.
Cases are also to be found in the books where transfers, made by shareholders in anticipation of a bank's insolvency, to irresponsible persons, have been held to be a fraud on the statute, and inefficacious to relieve the original holder from liability. Bowden v. Johnson, 107 U.S. 251; Richmond v. Irons, 121 U.S. 27; Pauly v. State Loan Co., 165 U.S. 619; Matteson v. Dent, 176 U.S. 521.
The conceded facts in the case are that the one hundred and eighty shares of the stock embraced in the assessment were the property of W.G. Curtis, in whose name they were registered on the books of the bank, and who held the certificates therefor; that the certificates were deposited with the defendant bank as collateral; but that the stock remained in the name of Curtis, and so continued to be at the time of the bringing of this suit. It, therefore, follows that the case is not one in which the defendant bank is estopped by having assumed an apparent ownership of the stock.
The important inquiry is whether, by the mere act of bidding in the stock at a nominal price, the Southern National Bank of New York must be regarded as having subjected itself to liability as the real owner thereof.
The facts to be considered in connection with this question are as follows:
On January 20, 1893, Curtis and Thomas borrowed from the Southern National Bank of New York the sum of $15,000, giving therefor their joint note for that amount, payable four months after date, and as collateral security, two certificates for one hundred and eighty shares of the capital stock of the State National Bank of Vernon, standing in the name of Curtis. The note was not paid at maturity. On July 21, 1893, the State National Bank suspended, and was in possession of the United States bank examiner from that date until September 14, 1893, when it reopened for business and continued to *307 transact business as usual until August 18, 1894, when it finally suspended. The fact of such suspension and that the bank examiner was in charge was known to the Southern National Bank on July 26, 1893.
On August 1, 1893, the defendant bank notified Curtis and Thomas by telegraph that the stock would be sold on August 8, 1893, and it was so sold. On August 10, 1893, the Southern National Bank brought suit against Curtis and Thomas in the district court of Wilbarger County, Texas. Curtis and Thomas filed pleas, and also a cross petition, averring that the sale by defendant bank of the stock pledged was not made in pursuance of the powers granted in the written pledge and was a fraud of the rights of the defendants; that by reason of said fraudulent sale the defendants had suffered damage to the amount of fifteen thousand dollars, which they asked to be set off against the note sued on, and also that it should be adjudged that they had a right to recover the difference between the amount of the note and the value of the pledged stock, etc.
Subsequently Curtis and Thomas filed an additional plea or statement by way of cross petition, in which they allege that since the filing of their first cross petition the Southern National Bank had agreed to credit them with the amount of $10,800 for the stock at the rate of sixty cents on the dollar, and that, in consideration thereof, they, Curtis and Thomas, had agreed to confess judgment for the balance due on the note, which they averred they were willing and ready to do.
In and by amended petitions the Southern National Bank claimed that the said bank stock had been, at all times since the execution and delivery of the note sued on, in its possession and under its control, and that it had always been ready and willing to return said bank stock upon payment of said note, and tendered in open court said bank stock upon payment of said note. At the trial in the district court of Wilbarger County that court held that the alleged agreement by the Southern National Bank to credit the defendants with the stock at the rate of sixty cents on the dollar was binding, and entered judgment accordingly in favor of the Southern National Bank in the sum of $5751. On appeal by the Southern *308 National Bank to the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas, the judgment of the district court was reversed, and judgment was entered in favor of the bank for the full amount claimed, and decreeing the bank stock to Curtis and Thomas as tendered. A portion of said decree was in the following terms:
"And it further appearing to the court that the said W.G. Curtis and A.W. Thomas delivered to the appellant, the Southern National Bank of New York, 180 shares of the capital stock of the State National Bank of Vernon as collateral security for the notes sued hereon, it is therefore ordered that said 180 shares of capital stock be turned over to them upon payment of this judgment, as per the tender of the appellant, and that in default of such payment said stock be sold as under execution, and the proceeds applied to the payment of this judgment."
It further appears that said certificates of stock remain on file in the said district court of Wilbarger County, not having been taken away by said Curtis and Thomas.
It has therefore been finally adjudicated between the Southern National Bank and Curtis and Thomas that there had been no conversion of the stock as alleged, and that the Southern National Bank, having waived its right as purchaser thereof, the stock has been decreed to be the property of Curtis and Thomas, subject to the payment by them of the judgment in favor of the bank. As between those parties, then, it cannot be pretended that the Southern Bank is under any legal or equitable obligation to Curtis and Thomas to assume or answer for the assessment made by the Comptroller on the stock. Having denied the validity of the auction sale, and forced an issue on that question, they cannot now, after a decision in their favor as respects the ownership of the stock, be heard to allege that the stock is really owned by the Southern National Bank, and that Curtis has been released from his liability as a shareholder.
If this be so, what foundation is there on which to base a recovery against the Southern National Bank in favor of the receiver of the State National Bank?
It is admitted that Curtis has always been and is liable as the *309 registered owner of the stock; that, at no time, nor in any way, has the Southern National Bank held itself out to the State National Bank, or to its creditors, as a shareholder therein; and it is admitted that the Southern National Bank never received dividends and never voted on said stock.
It was held in Pauly v. State Loan & Trust Company, 165 U.S. 606, that where stock was transferred in pledge, and the pledgee, for the purpose of protecting his contract, caused the stock to be put in his name on the books as pledgee, such a registry did not amount to a transfer to the pledgee as owner, and that he therefore was not liable, although the pledgor might continue to be so. When, therefore, it was decided, in the suit on the note, that the bank did not, by bidding in the stock at the auction sale for a nominal price, cease to be the pledgee, and that the stock remained the property of Curtis, how can it be said that the receiver, as respects that question, is in any better position? It may be said, indeed, that he was not a party to that suit, and is therefore not bound by the judgment; and it may be conceded that there might be cases where, by reason of fraud or collusion between the nominal shareholder and the real owner, the receiver would not be precluded, but might maintain his suit independently.
But, plainly, this is no such case. Indeed, the record of the Texas suit was put in evidence by the receiver, the plaintiff in error, and there is no effort to impeach the good faith of the bank in bringing that suit or in tendering the stock, nor can any objection be made to the soundness of the conclusions reached by the Court of Civil Appeals.
This court has held in California Bank v. Kennedy, 167 U.S. 362, and Concord National Bank v. Hawkins, 174 U.S. 364, that it is not competent for national banking associations to invest any portion of their capital permanently in the stock of another corporation, and that they are not estopped from setting up such want of power against suits to enforce liability for assessments made by the Comptroller of the Currency. While not disposed, as at present advised, to push the principle of these cases so far as to exempt such banks from liability as other shareholders, where they have accepted and hold stock of other corporations as collateral security for money advanced, *310 (a proposition which we withhold from decision,) we think there is a presumption in such cases against any intention on the part of the lending bank to become an owner of the collateral shares. This was the view taken in the case of Frater, Receiver, v. Old Nat. Bank of Providence, 86 Fed. Rep. 1006, and 103 Fed. Rep. 391, where it was held, after full consideration, that it is only in clear cases that a pledgee, on the ground of estoppel, can be subjected to liability for an assessment on national bank stock, instead of the owner, upon whom the legal obligation rests; and that where stock stood upon the books of a bank in the name of a person as cashier of another national bank, the designation suggested a qualified or representative holding, which put all persons on inquiry, and the bank of which the holder was cashier is not estopped to show that it held the stock as collateral only — at least, in the absence of evidence that the insolvent bank or its creditors in fact acted in reliance on its supposed ownership.
Exception was taken in the Circuit Court to a question allowed to be put to the cashier of the defendant bank, whether at the time of the sale of the collateral security, and at the time of the nominal purchase for $20, it was the intention of the officers of the bank to take title adversely to the pledgors?
Whether it was competent to get at the intention of the bank officers in bidding in this stock at a nominal price, by examining one of such officers, might not be clear, if this were a contest between pledgor and pledgee. But that question was, as between them, closed by the record in the Texas suit.
In the present case the question was an immaterial one, particularly as the case was not submitted to the jury, and as the other undisputed facts of the case showed that, as matter of law, the Southern National Bank was not, in any proper sense, the real owner of the stock. We agree with the courts below in thinking that the pledgee was at liberty to waive the nominal title thus acquired and to notify the pledgors, as it did, that it still held the stock merely as collateral. We think that it is clear that the transaction, as it is admitted to have occurred, did not deceive or injure the insolvent bank or its creditors.
The judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals is
Affirmed.
