
42 U.S. 287 (____)
1 How. 287
WILLIAM J. MINOR AND CATHERINE HIS WIFE, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR, 
v. 
SHUBAL TILLOTSON.
Supreme Court of United States.

Webster, of counsel for the defendant.
*288 Mr. Chief Justice TANEY delivered the opinion of the court.
This is a writ of error from the Circuit Court of the United States for the eastern district of Louisiana.
A motion has been made to dismiss the writ, upon the ground that the record contains no bill of exception, nor statement of facts by the court, according to the practice in Louisiana, by which any question of law is brought up for revision in such a form as to enable this court to decide upon it; and that there is a mass of various and conflicting testimony in relation to facts, upon which no jurisdiction can be exercised upon a writ of error.
Assuming this statement to be correct, it does not follow that advantage can be taken of it upon a motion to dismiss. The record shows that a judgment was rendered in the Circuit Court, over which this court undoubtedly have jurisdiction upon a writ of error. The plaintiffs allege that there is error in law in this judgment, and have brought it here for the revision of this court. And upon the argument of the case it will be incumbent upon *289 them to show that the record presents, in some form or other, a statement of facts upon which a question of law arose in the Circuit Court, and which was there erroneously decided. And if he fails to do this, the judgment must be affirmed. But he is entitled to be heard, in order that he may show, if he can, that the error of which he complains appears in the record; and whether it does so appear or not, is a matter which cannot be inquired into in the form in which the case is now brought before us.
The motion must therefore be dismissed.

ORDER.
On consideration of the motion made in this cause on a prior day of the present term of this court, to wit, on Saturday, the 18th ult., by Mr. Webster, to dismiss this writ of error for the want of jurisdiction, and of the arguments of counsel thereupon had, as well in support of as against the said motion, it is thereupon now here considered and ordered by this court, that the said motion be and the same is hereby dismissed.
